# BinnieCore 2.5.12
version:1.7
modname:BinnieCore



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/binniecore/textures/blocks/
texture:id=botany/ceramic,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/ceramic.png
texture:id=botany/ceramic.tile.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/ceramic.tile.0.png
texture:id=botany/ceramic/blank.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/ceramic/blank.0.png
texture:id=botany/deadflower,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/deadflower.png
texture:id=botany/decayingflower,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/decayingflower.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.damp.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.acid.damp.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.damp.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.acid.damp.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.damp.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.acid.damp.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.dry.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.acid.dry.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.dry.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.acid.dry.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.dry.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.acid.dry.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.normal.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.acid.normal.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.normal.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.acid.normal.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.normal.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.acid.normal.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.damp.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.damp.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.damp.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.damp.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.damp.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.damp.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.dry.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.dry.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.dry.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.dry.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.dry.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.dry.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.normal.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.normal.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.normal.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.normal.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.normal.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.normal.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.damp.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.neutral.damp.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.damp.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.neutral.damp.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.damp.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.neutral.damp.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.dry.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.neutral.dry.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.dry.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.neutral.dry.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.dry.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.neutral.dry.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.normal.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.neutral.normal.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.normal.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.neutral.normal.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.normal.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/flowerbed.neutral.normal.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.acid.damp.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.acid.damp.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.acid.damp.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.acid.damp.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.acid.damp.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.acid.damp.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.acid.dry.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.acid.dry.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.acid.dry.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.acid.dry.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.acid.dry.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.acid.dry.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.acid.normal.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.acid.normal.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.acid.normal.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.acid.normal.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.acid.normal.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.acid.normal.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.alkaline.damp.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.alkaline.damp.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.alkaline.damp.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.alkaline.damp.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.alkaline.damp.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.alkaline.damp.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.alkaline.dry.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.alkaline.dry.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.alkaline.dry.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.alkaline.dry.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.alkaline.dry.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.alkaline.dry.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.alkaline.normal.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.alkaline.normal.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.alkaline.normal.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.alkaline.normal.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.alkaline.normal.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.alkaline.normal.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.neutral.damp.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.neutral.damp.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.neutral.damp.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.neutral.damp.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.neutral.damp.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.neutral.damp.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.neutral.dry.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.neutral.dry.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.neutral.dry.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.neutral.dry.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.neutral.dry.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.neutral.dry.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.neutral.normal.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.neutral.normal.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.neutral.normal.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.neutral.normal.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/loam.neutral.normal.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/loam.neutral.normal.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.acid.damp.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.acid.damp.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.acid.damp.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.acid.damp.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.acid.damp.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.acid.damp.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.acid.dry.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.acid.dry.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.acid.dry.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.acid.dry.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.acid.dry.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.acid.dry.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.acid.normal.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.acid.normal.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.acid.normal.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.acid.normal.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.acid.normal.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.acid.normal.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.alkaline.damp.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.alkaline.damp.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.alkaline.damp.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.alkaline.damp.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.alkaline.damp.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.alkaline.damp.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.alkaline.dry.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.alkaline.dry.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.alkaline.dry.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.alkaline.dry.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.alkaline.dry.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.alkaline.dry.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.alkaline.normal.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.alkaline.normal.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.alkaline.normal.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.alkaline.normal.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.alkaline.normal.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.alkaline.normal.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.neutral.damp.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.neutral.damp.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.neutral.damp.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.neutral.damp.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.neutral.damp.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.neutral.damp.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.neutral.dry.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.neutral.dry.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.neutral.dry.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.neutral.dry.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.neutral.dry.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.neutral.dry.2.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.neutral.normal.0,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.neutral.normal.0.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.neutral.normal.1,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.neutral.normal.1.png
texture:id=botany/soil/soil.neutral.normal.2,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/soil/soil.neutral.normal.2.png
texture:id=botany/stained,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/stained.png
texture:id=botany/weeds,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/weeds.png
texture:id=botany/weedslong,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/weedslong.png
texture:id=botany/weedsverylong,filename=assets/botany/textures/blocks/weedsverylong.png
texture:id=extrabees/ectoplasm,filename=assets/extrabees/textures/blocks/ectoplasm.png
texture:id=extrabees/hive/marble.0,filename=assets/extrabees/textures/blocks/hive/marble.0.png
texture:id=extrabees/hive/marble.1,filename=assets/extrabees/textures/blocks/hive/marble.1.png
texture:id=extrabees/hive/nether.0,filename=assets/extrabees/textures/blocks/hive/nether.0.png
texture:id=extrabees/hive/nether.1,filename=assets/extrabees/textures/blocks/hive/nether.1.png
texture:id=extrabees/hive/rock.0,filename=assets/extrabees/textures/blocks/hive/rock.0.png
texture:id=extrabees/hive/rock.1,filename=assets/extrabees/textures/blocks/hive/rock.1.png
texture:id=extrabees/hive/water.0,filename=assets/extrabees/textures/blocks/hive/water.0.png
texture:id=extrabees/hive/water.1,filename=assets/extrabees/textures/blocks/hive/water.1.png
texture:id=extratrees/door.standard.lower,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/door.standard.lower.png
texture:id=extratrees/glass/blank.0,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/glass/blank.0.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/alderBark,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/alderBark.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/alderTrunk,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/alderTrunk.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/appleBark,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/appleBark.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/appleTrunk,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/appleTrunk.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/ashBark,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/ashBark.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/ashTrunk,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/ashTrunk.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/bananaBark,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/bananaBark.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/bananaTrunk,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/bananaTrunk.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/beechBark,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/beechBark.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/beechTrunk,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/beechTrunk.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/butternutBark,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/butternutBark.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/butternutTrunk,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/butternutTrunk.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/cherryBark,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/cherryBark.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/cherryTrunk,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/cherryTrunk.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/cypressBark,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/cypressBark.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/cypressTrunk,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/cypressTrunk.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/figBark,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/figBark.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/figTrunk,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/figTrunk.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/firBark,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/firBark.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/firTrunk,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/firTrunk.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/hawthornBark,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/hawthornBark.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/hawthornTrunk,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/hawthornTrunk.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/hazelBark,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/hazelBark.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/hazelTrunk,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/hazelTrunk.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/hemlockBark,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/hemlockBark.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/hemlockTrunk,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/hemlockTrunk.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/rowanBark,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/rowanBark.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/rowanTrunk,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/rowanTrunk.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/whitebeamBark,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/whitebeamBark.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/whitebeamTrunk,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/whitebeamTrunk.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/yewBark,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/yewBark.png
texture:id=extratrees/logs/yewTrunk,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/logs/yewTrunk.png
texture:id=extratrees/patterns/blank.0,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/patterns/blank.0.png
texture:id=extratrees/planks/Alder,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/planks/Alder.png
texture:id=extratrees/planks/Apple,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/planks/Apple.png
texture:id=extratrees/planks/Beech,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/planks/Beech.png
texture:id=extratrees/planks/Box,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/planks/Box.png
texture:id=extratrees/planks/Butternut,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/planks/Butternut.png
texture:id=extratrees/planks/Cedar,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/planks/Cedar.png
texture:id=extratrees/planks/Cypress,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/planks/Cypress.png
texture:id=extratrees/planks/Elm,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/planks/Elm.png
texture:id=extratrees/planks/Fig,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/planks/Fig.png
texture:id=extratrees/planks/Fir,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/planks/Fir.png
texture:id=extratrees/planks/Hazel,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/planks/Hazel.png
texture:id=extratrees/planks/Hemlock,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/planks/Hemlock.png
texture:id=extratrees/planks/Hickory,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/planks/Hickory.png
texture:id=extratrees/planks/Hornbeam,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/planks/Hornbeam.png
texture:id=extratrees/planks/Whitebeam,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/planks/Whitebeam.png
texture:id=extratrees/planks/Yew,filename=assets/extratrees/textures/blocks/planks/Yew.png
texture:id=minecraft/dirt,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/dirt.png
texture:id=minecraft/flower_dandelion,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/flower_dandelion.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_acacia,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_acacia.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_big_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_big_oak.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_birch,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_birch.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_jungle,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_jungle.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_oak.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_spruce,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_spruce.png



# %planks:* (planks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=binnie.extratrees.block.BlockETPlanks
block:id=%planks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Fir
block:id=%planks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Cedar
block:id=%planks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Hemlock
block:id=%planks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Cypress
block:id=%planks,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Fig
block:id=%planks,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Beech
block:id=%planks,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Alder
block:id=%planks,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Hazel
block:id=%planks,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Hornbeam
block:id=%planks,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Box
block:id=%planks,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Butternut
block:id=%planks,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Hickory
block:id=%planks,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Whitebeam
block:id=%planks,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Elm
block:id=%planks,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Apple
block:id=%planks,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Yew

# %fence:* (fence), render=binnie.extratrees.block.decor.FenceRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=binnie.extratrees.block.decor.BlockFence
block:id=%fence,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak
block:id=%fence,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce
block:id=%fence,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_birch
block:id=%fence,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_jungle
block:id=%fence,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_acacia
block:id=%fence,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_big_oak
block:id=%fence,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Fir

# %multifence:* (multifence), render=binnie.extratrees.block.decor.FenceRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=binnie.extratrees.block.decor.BlockMultiFence
block:id=%multifence,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak
block:id=%multifence,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_spruce
block:id=%multifence,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_birch
block:id=%multifence,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_jungle
block:id=%multifence,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_acacia
block:id=%multifence,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_big_oak
block:id=%multifence,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Fir

# %log:* (log), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=binnie.extratrees.block.BlockETLog
block:id=%log,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extratrees/logs/appleTrunk,face2-5=0:extratrees/logs/appleBark
block:id=%log,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extratrees/logs/figTrunk,face2-5=0:extratrees/logs/figBark
block:id=%log,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extratrees/logs/butternutTrunk,face2-5=0:extratrees/logs/butternutBark
block:id=%log,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extratrees/logs/cherryTrunk,face2-5=0:extratrees/logs/cherryBark
block:id=%log,data=4,face0-1=0:extratrees/logs/whitebeamTrunk,face2-3=4000:extratrees/logs/whitebeamBark,face4-5=0:extratrees/logs/whitebeamBark
block:id=%log,data=5,face0-1=0:extratrees/logs/rowanTrunk,face2-3=4000:extratrees/logs/rowanBark,face4-5=0:extratrees/logs/rowanBark
block:id=%log,data=6,face0-1=0:extratrees/logs/hemlockTrunk,face2-3=4000:extratrees/logs/hemlockBark,face4-5=0:extratrees/logs/hemlockBark
block:id=%log,data=7,face0-1=0:extratrees/logs/ashTrunk,face2-3=4000:extratrees/logs/ashBark,face4-5=0:extratrees/logs/ashBark
block:id=%log,data=8,face0-1=4000:extratrees/logs/alderTrunk,face2-3=0:extratrees/logs/alderBark,face4-5=4000:extratrees/logs/alderBark
block:id=%log,data=9,face0-1=4000:extratrees/logs/beechTrunk,face2-3=0:extratrees/logs/beechBark,face4-5=4000:extratrees/logs/beechBark
block:id=%log,data=10,face0-1=4000:extratrees/logs/hawthornTrunk,face2-3=0:extratrees/logs/hawthornBark,face4-5=4000:extratrees/logs/hawthornBark
block:id=%log,data=11,face0-1=4000:extratrees/logs/bananaTrunk,face2-3=0:extratrees/logs/bananaBark,face4-5=4000:extratrees/logs/bananaBark
block:id=%log,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extratrees/logs/yewTrunk,face2-5=0:extratrees/logs/yewBark
block:id=%log,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extratrees/logs/cypressTrunk,face2-5=0:extratrees/logs/cypressBark
block:id=%log,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extratrees/logs/firTrunk,face2-5=0:extratrees/logs/firBark
block:id=%log,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extratrees/logs/hazelTrunk,face2-5=0:extratrees/logs/hazelBark

# %gate:* (gate), render=(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=binnie.extratrees.block.decor.BlockGate
block:id=%gate,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/planks_oak
block:id=%gate,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/planks_spruce
block:id=%gate,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/planks_birch
block:id=%gate,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/planks_jungle
block:id=%gate,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/planks_acacia
block:id=%gate,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/planks_big_oak
block:id=%gate,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:extratrees/planks/Fir

# %slab:* (slab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=binnie.extratrees.block.BlockETSlab
block:id=%slab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Fir
block:id=%slab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Cedar
block:id=%slab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Hemlock
block:id=%slab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Cypress
block:id=%slab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Fig
block:id=%slab,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Beech
block:id=%slab,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Alder
block:id=%slab,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Hazel
block:id=%slab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Hornbeam
block:id=%slab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Box
block:id=%slab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Butternut
block:id=%slab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Hickory
block:id=%slab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Whitebeam
block:id=%slab,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Elm
block:id=%slab,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Apple
block:id=%slab,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Yew

# %doubleSlab:* (doubleSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=binnie.extratrees.block.BlockETSlab
block:id=%doubleSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Fir
block:id=%doubleSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Cedar
block:id=%doubleSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Hemlock
block:id=%doubleSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Cypress
block:id=%doubleSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Fig
block:id=%doubleSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Beech
block:id=%doubleSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Alder
block:id=%doubleSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Hazel
block:id=%doubleSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Hornbeam
block:id=%doubleSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Box
block:id=%doubleSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Butternut
block:id=%doubleSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Hickory
block:id=%doubleSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Whitebeam
block:id=%doubleSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Elm
block:id=%doubleSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Apple
block:id=%doubleSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Yew

# %door:* (door), render=binnie.extratrees.block.DoorBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=binnie.extratrees.block.BlockETDoor
block:id=%door,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/door.standard.lower

# %stairs:* (stairs), render=binnie.extratrees.block.StairsRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=binnie.extratrees.block.BlockETStairs
block:id=%stairs,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Fir
block:id=%stairs,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Cedar
block:id=%stairs,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Hemlock
block:id=%stairs,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Cypress
block:id=%stairs,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Fig
block:id=%stairs,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Beech
block:id=%stairs,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Alder
block:id=%stairs,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Hazel
block:id=%stairs,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Hornbeam
block:id=%stairs,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Box
block:id=%stairs,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Butternut
block:id=%stairs,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Hickory
block:id=%stairs,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Whitebeam
block:id=%stairs,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Elm
block:id=%stairs,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Apple
block:id=%stairs,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/planks/Yew

# %carpentry:* (carpentry), render=binnie.core.block.MultipassBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=binnie.extratrees.carpentry.BlockCarpentry
block:id=%carpentry,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extratrees/patterns/blank.0

# %panel:* (panel), render=binnie.core.block.MultipassBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=binnie.extratrees.carpentry.BlockCarpentryPanel
block:id=%panel,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extratrees/patterns/blank.0

# %stainedglass:* (stainedglass), render=binnie.core.block.MultipassBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=binnie.extratrees.carpentry.BlockStainedDesign
block:id=%stainedglass,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:extratrees/glass/blank.0

# %ectoplasm:* (ectoplasm), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=binnie.extrabees.genetics.effect.BlockEctoplasm
block:id=%ectoplasm,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabees/ectoplasm

# %hive:* (hive), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=binnie.extrabees.worldgen.BlockExtraBeeHive
block:id=%hive,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabees/hive/water.1,face2-5=0:extrabees/hive/water.0
block:id=%hive,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabees/hive/rock.1,face2-5=0:extrabees/hive/rock.0
block:id=%hive,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabees/hive/nether.1,face2-5=0:extrabees/hive/nether.0
block:id=%hive,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabees/hive/marble.1,face2-5=0:extrabees/hive/marble.0

# %flower:* (flower), render=binnie.botany.flower.RendererBotany(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=binnie.botany.flower.BlockFlower
block:id=%flower,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/flower_dandelion

# %plant:* (plant), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=binnie.botany.gardening.BlockPlant
block:id=%plant,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:botany/weeds
block:id=%plant,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:botany/weedslong
block:id=%plant,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:botany/weedsverylong
block:id=%plant,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:botany/deadflower
block:id=%plant,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:botany/decayingflower
block:id=%plant,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:botany/weeds
block:id=%plant,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:botany/weedslong
block:id=%plant,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:botany/weedsverylong
block:id=%plant,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:botany/deadflower
block:id=%plant,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:botany/decayingflower
block:id=%plant,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:botany/weeds
block:id=%plant,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:botany/weedslong
block:id=%plant,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:botany/weedsverylong
block:id=%plant,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:botany/deadflower
block:id=%plant,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:botany/decayingflower
block:id=%plant,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:botany/weeds

# %soil:* (soil), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=binnie.botany.gardening.BlockSoil
block:id=%soil,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/soil.acid.dry.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/soil.acid.dry.1
block:id=%soil,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/soil.acid.normal.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/soil.acid.normal.1
block:id=%soil,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/soil.acid.damp.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/soil.acid.damp.1
block:id=%soil,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/soil.neutral.dry.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/soil.neutral.dry.1
block:id=%soil,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/soil.neutral.normal.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/soil.neutral.normal.1
block:id=%soil,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/soil.neutral.damp.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/soil.neutral.damp.1
block:id=%soil,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/soil.alkaline.dry.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/soil.alkaline.dry.1
block:id=%soil,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/soil.alkaline.normal.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/soil.alkaline.normal.1
block:id=%soil,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/soil.alkaline.damp.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/soil.alkaline.damp.1

# %loam:* (loam), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=binnie.botany.gardening.BlockSoil
block:id=%loam,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/loam.acid.dry.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/loam.acid.dry.1
block:id=%loam,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/loam.acid.normal.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/loam.acid.normal.1
block:id=%loam,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/loam.acid.damp.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/loam.acid.damp.1
block:id=%loam,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/loam.neutral.dry.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/loam.neutral.dry.1
block:id=%loam,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/loam.neutral.normal.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/loam.neutral.normal.1
block:id=%loam,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/loam.neutral.damp.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/loam.neutral.damp.1
block:id=%loam,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/loam.alkaline.dry.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/loam.alkaline.dry.1
block:id=%loam,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/loam.alkaline.normal.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/loam.alkaline.normal.1
block:id=%loam,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/loam.alkaline.damp.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/loam.alkaline.damp.1

# %flowerbed:* (flowerbed), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=binnie.botany.gardening.BlockSoil
block:id=%flowerbed,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.dry.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.dry.1
block:id=%flowerbed,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.normal.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.normal.1
block:id=%flowerbed,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.damp.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.damp.1
block:id=%flowerbed,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.dry.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.dry.1
block:id=%flowerbed,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.normal.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.normal.1
block:id=%flowerbed,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.damp.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.damp.1
block:id=%flowerbed,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.dry.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.dry.1
block:id=%flowerbed,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.normal.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.normal.1
block:id=%flowerbed,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.damp.0,face2-5=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.damp.1

# %soilNoWeed:* (soilNoWeed), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=binnie.botany.gardening.BlockSoil
block:id=%soilNoWeed,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/soil.acid.dry.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/soil.acid.dry.1
block:id=%soilNoWeed,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/soil.acid.normal.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/soil.acid.normal.1
block:id=%soilNoWeed,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/soil.acid.damp.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/soil.acid.damp.1
block:id=%soilNoWeed,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/soil.neutral.dry.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/soil.neutral.dry.1
block:id=%soilNoWeed,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/soil.neutral.normal.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/soil.neutral.normal.1
block:id=%soilNoWeed,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/soil.neutral.damp.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/soil.neutral.damp.1
block:id=%soilNoWeed,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/soil.alkaline.dry.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/soil.alkaline.dry.1
block:id=%soilNoWeed,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/soil.alkaline.normal.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/soil.alkaline.normal.1
block:id=%soilNoWeed,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/soil.alkaline.damp.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/soil.alkaline.damp.1

# %loamNoWeed:* (loamNoWeed), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=binnie.botany.gardening.BlockSoil
block:id=%loamNoWeed,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/loam.acid.dry.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/loam.acid.dry.1
block:id=%loamNoWeed,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/loam.acid.normal.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/loam.acid.normal.1
block:id=%loamNoWeed,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/loam.acid.damp.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/loam.acid.damp.1
block:id=%loamNoWeed,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/loam.neutral.dry.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/loam.neutral.dry.1
block:id=%loamNoWeed,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/loam.neutral.normal.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/loam.neutral.normal.1
block:id=%loamNoWeed,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/loam.neutral.damp.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/loam.neutral.damp.1
block:id=%loamNoWeed,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/loam.alkaline.dry.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/loam.alkaline.dry.1
block:id=%loamNoWeed,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/loam.alkaline.normal.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/loam.alkaline.normal.1
block:id=%loamNoWeed,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/loam.alkaline.damp.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/loam.alkaline.damp.1

# %flowerbedNoWeed:* (flowerbedNoWeed), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=binnie.botany.gardening.BlockSoil
block:id=%flowerbedNoWeed,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.dry.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.dry.1
block:id=%flowerbedNoWeed,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.normal.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.normal.1
block:id=%flowerbedNoWeed,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.damp.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.acid.damp.1
block:id=%flowerbedNoWeed,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.dry.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.dry.1
block:id=%flowerbedNoWeed,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.normal.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.normal.1
block:id=%flowerbedNoWeed,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.damp.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.neutral.damp.1
block:id=%flowerbedNoWeed,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.dry.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.dry.1
block:id=%flowerbedNoWeed,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.normal.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.normal.1
block:id=%flowerbedNoWeed,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.damp.2,face2-5=0:botany/soil/flowerbed.alkaline.damp.1

# %ceramic:* (ceramic), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=binnie.botany.ceramic.BlockCeramic
block:id=%ceramic,data=0,stdrot=true,colorMult=7FFFD4,face0-5=17000:botany/ceramic
block:id=%ceramic,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=282828,face0-5=17000:botany/ceramic
block:id=%ceramic,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=0000FF,face0-5=17000:botany/ceramic
block:id=%ceramic,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=A52A2A,face0-5=17000:botany/ceramic
block:id=%ceramic,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=5F9EA0,face0-5=17000:botany/ceramic
block:id=%ceramic,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=D2691E,face0-5=17000:botany/ceramic
block:id=%ceramic,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF7F50,face0-5=17000:botany/ceramic
block:id=%ceramic,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=DC143C,face0-5=17000:botany/ceramic
block:id=%ceramic,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=00FFFF,face0-5=17000:botany/ceramic
block:id=%ceramic,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=B8860B,face0-5=17000:botany/ceramic
block:id=%ceramic,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=A9A9A9,face0-5=17000:botany/ceramic
block:id=%ceramic,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=006400,face0-5=17000:botany/ceramic
block:id=%ceramic,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=BDB76B,face0-5=17000:botany/ceramic
block:id=%ceramic,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=556B2F,face0-5=17000:botany/ceramic
block:id=%ceramic,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF8C00,face0-5=17000:botany/ceramic
block:id=%ceramic,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=E9967A,face0-5=17000:botany/ceramic

# %stained:* (stained), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=binnie.botany.ceramic.BlockStained
block:id=%stained,data=0,stdrot=true,colorMult=7FFFD4,face0-5=17000:botany/stained
block:id=%stained,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=282828,face0-5=17000:botany/stained
block:id=%stained,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=0000FF,face0-5=17000:botany/stained
block:id=%stained,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=A52A2A,face0-5=17000:botany/stained
block:id=%stained,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=5F9EA0,face0-5=17000:botany/stained
block:id=%stained,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=D2691E,face0-5=17000:botany/stained
block:id=%stained,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF7F50,face0-5=17000:botany/stained
block:id=%stained,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=DC143C,face0-5=17000:botany/stained
block:id=%stained,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=00FFFF,face0-5=17000:botany/stained
block:id=%stained,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=B8860B,face0-5=17000:botany/stained
block:id=%stained,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=A9A9A9,face0-5=17000:botany/stained
block:id=%stained,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=006400,face0-5=17000:botany/stained
block:id=%stained,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=BDB76B,face0-5=17000:botany/stained
block:id=%stained,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=556B2F,face0-5=17000:botany/stained
block:id=%stained,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF8C00,face0-5=17000:botany/stained
block:id=%stained,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=E9967A,face0-5=17000:botany/stained

# %ceramicPattern:* (ceramicPattern), render=binnie.core.block.MultipassBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=binnie.botany.ceramic.BlockCeramicPatterned
block:id=%ceramicPattern,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botany/ceramic/blank.0

# %ceramicBrick:* (ceramicBrick), render=binnie.core.block.MultipassBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=binnie.botany.ceramic.BlockCeramicBrick
block:id=%ceramicBrick,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:botany/ceramic.tile.0
