# dreamcraft 2.1.50
version:1.7
modname:dreamcraft



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockBlackPlutonium,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockBlackPlutonium.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockBloodyIchorium,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockBloodyIchorium.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockBloodyThaumium,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockBloodyThaumium.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockBloodyVoid,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockBloodyVoid.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockBronzePlatedReinforcedStone,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockBronzePlatedReinforcedStone.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockCallistoColdIce,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockCallistoColdIce.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockCharcoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockCharcoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockCompressedCharcoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockCompressedCharcoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockCompressedCoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockCompressedCoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockCompressedCoalCoke,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockCompressedCoalCoke.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockCompressedGraphite,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockCompressedGraphite.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockDiamondFrameBox,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockDiamondFrameBox.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockDoubleCompressedCharcoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockDoubleCompressedCharcoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockDoubleCompressedCoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockDoubleCompressedCoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockDoubleCompressedCoalCoke,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockDoubleCompressedCoalCoke.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockLedox,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockLedox.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockMysteriousCrystal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockMysteriousCrystal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockMytryl,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockMytryl.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockNaquadahPlatedReinforcedStone,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockNaquadahPlatedReinforcedStone.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockNeutroniumPlatedReinforcedStone,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockNeutroniumPlatedReinforcedStone.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockPistonBlock,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockPistonBlock.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockQuadrupleCompressedCharcoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuadrupleCompressedCharcoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockQuadrupleCompressedCoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuadrupleCompressedCoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockQuadrupleCompressedCoalCoke,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuadrupleCompressedCoalCoke.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockQuantinum,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuantinum.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockQuintupleCompressedCharcoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuintupleCompressedCharcoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockQuintupleCompressedCoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuintupleCompressedCoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockQuintupleCompressedCoalCoke,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuintupleCompressedCoalCoke.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockSandClayMix,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockSandClayMix.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockSteelPlatedReinforcedStone,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockSteelPlatedReinforcedStone.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockTitaniumPlatedReinforcedStone,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockTitaniumPlatedReinforcedStone.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockTripleCompressedCharcoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockTripleCompressedCharcoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockTripleCompressedCoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockTripleCompressedCoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockTripleCompressedCoalCoke,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockTripleCompressedCoalCoke.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockTungstensteelPlatedReinforcedStone,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockTungstensteelPlatedReinforcedStone.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidAmmonia_flow,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidAmmonia_flow.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidAmmonia_still,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidAmmonia_still.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidCompressedNitrogen_flow,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidCompressedNitrogen_flow.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidCompressedNitrogen_still,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidCompressedNitrogen_still.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidCompressedOxygen_flow,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidCompressedOxygen_flow.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidCompressedOxygen_still,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidCompressedOxygen_still.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidConcrete_flow,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidConcrete_flow.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidConcrete_still,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidConcrete_still.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidEnrichedBacterialSludge_flow,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidEnrichedBacterialSludge_flow.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidEnrichedBacterialSludge_still,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidEnrichedBacterialSludge_still.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidFermentedBacterialSludge_flow,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidFermentedBacterialSludge_flow.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidFermentedBacterialSludge_still,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidFermentedBacterialSludge_still.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidNitricAcid_flow,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidNitricAcid_flow.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidNitricAcid_still,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidNitricAcid_still.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidPollution_flow,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidPollution_flow.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidPollution_still,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidPollution_still.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidSodiumPotassium_flow,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidSodiumPotassium_flow.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidSodiumPotassium_still,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidSodiumPotassium_still.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_8V_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_8V_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_STEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_STEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_TITANIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_TITANIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_TUNGSTENSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_TUNGSTENSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_TOP.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_oak.png



# %tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoalCoke:* (tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoalCoke), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoalCoke,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockQuadrupleCompressedCoalCoke

# %tile.CompressedCoalCoke:* (tile.CompressedCoalCoke), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.CompressedCoalCoke,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockCompressedCoalCoke

# %tile.SandClayMix:* (tile.SandClayMix), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.SandClayMix,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockSandClayMix

# %tile.NaquadahPlatedReinforcedStone:* (tile.NaquadahPlatedReinforcedStone), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.NaquadahPlatedReinforcedStone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockNaquadahPlatedReinforcedStone

# %tile.QuintupleCompressedCoalCoke:* (tile.QuintupleCompressedCoalCoke), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.QuintupleCompressedCoalCoke,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockQuintupleCompressedCoalCoke

# %tile.Ledox:* (tile.Ledox), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.Ledox,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockLedox

# %tile.SteelPlatedReinforcedStone:* (tile.SteelPlatedReinforcedStone), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.SteelPlatedReinforcedStone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockSteelPlatedReinforcedStone

# %tile.CallistoColdIce:* (tile.CallistoColdIce), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.CallistoColdIce,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockCallistoColdIce

# %tile.PistonBlock:* (tile.PistonBlock), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.PistonBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockPistonBlock

# %tile.TitaniumPlatedReinforcedStone:* (tile.TitaniumPlatedReinforcedStone), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.TitaniumPlatedReinforcedStone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockTitaniumPlatedReinforcedStone

# %tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoal:* (tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockQuadrupleCompressedCoal

# %tile.CompressedCoal:* (tile.CompressedCoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.CompressedCoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockCompressedCoal

# %tile.Mytryl:* (tile.Mytryl), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.Mytryl,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockMytryl

# %tile.BloodyThaumium:* (tile.BloodyThaumium), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.BloodyThaumium,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockBloodyThaumium

# %tile.NeutroniumPlatedReinforcedStone:* (tile.NeutroniumPlatedReinforcedStone), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.NeutroniumPlatedReinforcedStone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockNeutroniumPlatedReinforcedStone

# %tile.BloodyIchorium:* (tile.BloodyIchorium), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.BloodyIchorium,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockBloodyIchorium

# %tile.MysteriousCrystal:* (tile.MysteriousCrystal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.MysteriousCrystal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockMysteriousCrystal

# %tile.TripleCompressedCoal:* (tile.TripleCompressedCoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.TripleCompressedCoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockTripleCompressedCoal

# %tile.TripleCompressedCharcoal:* (tile.TripleCompressedCharcoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.TripleCompressedCharcoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockTripleCompressedCharcoal

# %tile.BronzePlatedReinforcedStone:* (tile.BronzePlatedReinforcedStone), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.BronzePlatedReinforcedStone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockBronzePlatedReinforcedStone

# %tile.QuintupleCompressedCoal:* (tile.QuintupleCompressedCoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.QuintupleCompressedCoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockQuintupleCompressedCoal

# %tile.TripleCompressedCoalCoke:* (tile.TripleCompressedCoalCoke), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.TripleCompressedCoalCoke,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockTripleCompressedCoalCoke

# %tile.QuintupleCompressedCharcoal:* (tile.QuintupleCompressedCharcoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.QuintupleCompressedCharcoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockQuintupleCompressedCharcoal

# %tile.TungstensteelPlatedReinforcedStone:* (tile.TungstensteelPlatedReinforcedStone), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.TungstensteelPlatedReinforcedStone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockTungstensteelPlatedReinforcedStone

# %tile.BloodyVoid:* (tile.BloodyVoid), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.BloodyVoid,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockBloodyVoid

# %tile.BlackPlutonium:* (tile.BlackPlutonium), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.BlackPlutonium,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockBlackPlutonium

# %tile.DoubleCompressedCoal:* (tile.DoubleCompressedCoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.DoubleCompressedCoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockDoubleCompressedCoal

# %tile.DoubleCompressedCharcoal:* (tile.DoubleCompressedCharcoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.DoubleCompressedCharcoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockDoubleCompressedCharcoal

# %tile.CompressedGraphite:* (tile.CompressedGraphite), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.CompressedGraphite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockCompressedGraphite

# %tile.Quantinum:* (tile.Quantinum), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.Quantinum,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockQuantinum

# %tile.CompressedCharcoal:* (tile.CompressedCharcoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.CompressedCharcoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockCompressedCharcoal

# %tile.DoubleCompressedCoalCoke:* (tile.DoubleCompressedCoalCoke), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.DoubleCompressedCoalCoke,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockDoubleCompressedCoalCoke

# %tile.QuadrupleCompressedCharcoal:* (tile.QuadrupleCompressedCharcoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.QuadrupleCompressedCharcoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockQuadrupleCompressedCharcoal

# %tile.DiamondFrameBox:* (tile.DiamondFrameBox), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.DiamondFrameBox,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockDiamondFrameBox

# %tile.Charcoal:* (tile.Charcoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.Charcoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockCharcoal

# %dreamcraft_SodiumPotassium:* (dreamcraft_SodiumPotassium), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.fluids.ModSimpleBaseFluid
block:id=%dreamcraft_SodiumPotassium,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:dreamcraft/fluidSodiumPotassium_still,face2-5=12000:dreamcraft/fluidSodiumPotassium_flow

# %dreamcraft_NitricAcid:* (dreamcraft_NitricAcid), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.fluids.ModSimpleBaseFluid
block:id=%dreamcraft_NitricAcid,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:dreamcraft/fluidNitricAcid_still,face2-5=12000:dreamcraft/fluidNitricAcid_flow

# %dreamcraft_Ammonia:* (dreamcraft_Ammonia), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.fluids.ModSimpleBaseFluid
block:id=%dreamcraft_Ammonia,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:dreamcraft/fluidAmmonia_still,face2-5=12000:dreamcraft/fluidAmmonia_flow

# %dreamcraft_CompressedOxygen:* (dreamcraft_CompressedOxygen), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.fluids.ModSimpleBaseFluid
block:id=%dreamcraft_CompressedOxygen,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:dreamcraft/fluidCompressedOxygen_still,face2-5=12000:dreamcraft/fluidCompressedOxygen_flow

# %dreamcraft_EnrichedBacterialSludge:* (dreamcraft_EnrichedBacterialSludge), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.fluids.ModSimpleBaseFluid
block:id=%dreamcraft_EnrichedBacterialSludge,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:dreamcraft/fluidEnrichedBacterialSludge_still,face2-5=12000:dreamcraft/fluidEnrichedBacterialSludge_flow

# %dreamcraft_FermentedBacterialSludge:* (dreamcraft_FermentedBacterialSludge), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.fluids.ModSimpleBaseFluid
block:id=%dreamcraft_FermentedBacterialSludge,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:dreamcraft/fluidFermentedBacterialSludge_still,face2-5=12000:dreamcraft/fluidFermentedBacterialSludge_flow

# %dreamcraft_Concrete:* (dreamcraft_Concrete), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.fluids.ModSimpleBaseFluid
block:id=%dreamcraft_Concrete,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:dreamcraft/fluidConcrete_still,face2-5=12000:dreamcraft/fluidConcrete_flow

# %dreamcraft_CompressedNitrogen:* (dreamcraft_CompressedNitrogen), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.fluids.ModSimpleBaseFluid
block:id=%dreamcraft_CompressedNitrogen,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:dreamcraft/fluidCompressedNitrogen_still,face2-5=12000:dreamcraft/fluidCompressedNitrogen_flow

# %dreamcraft_Pollution:* (dreamcraft_Pollution), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.fluids.ModSimpleBaseFluid
block:id=%dreamcraft_Pollution,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:dreamcraft/fluidPollution_still,face2-5=12000:dreamcraft/fluidPollution_flow

# %BabyChest:* (BabyChest), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.dreammaster.modbabychest.BlockBabyChest
block:id=%BabyChest,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %gt.blockcasingsNH:* (gt.blockcasingsNH), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.dreammaster.gthandler.casings.GT_Block_CasingsNH
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_STEEL
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_8V_SIDE
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_TITANIUM
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_TUNGSTENSTEEL
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_BOTTOM,face1=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_TOP,face2-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_SIDE
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_BOTTOM,face1=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_TOP,face2-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_SIDE
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_BOTTOM,face1=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_TOP,face2-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_SIDE
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_BOTTOM,face1=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_TOP,face2-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_SIDE
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_BOTTOM,face1=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_TOP,face2-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_SIDE
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_BOTTOM,face1=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_TOP,face2-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_SIDE
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_BOTTOM,face1=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_TOP,face2-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_SIDE
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_BOTTOM,face1=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_TOP,face2-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_SIDE
