# GalaxySpace 1.1.94-GTNH
version:1.7
modname:GalaxySpace



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_blank,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_blank.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_fuel_input,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_fuel_input.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_input,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_input.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_output,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_output.png
texture:id=galacticraftcore/machine_side,filename=assets/galacticraftcore/textures/blocks/machine_side.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/acentauribb/acentauribbgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/acentauribb/acentauribbgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/acentauribb/acentauribbsubgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/acentauribb/acentauribbsubgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2dandelion0,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnarda2/barnarda2dandelion0.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2dandelion1,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnarda2/barnarda2dandelion1.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2dandelion2,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnarda2/barnarda2dandelion2.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2dandelion3,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnarda2/barnarda2dandelion3.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2dandelion4,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnarda2/barnarda2dandelion4.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2dirt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnarda2/barnarda2dirt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2grass_side,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnarda2/barnarda2grass_side.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2grass_top,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnarda2/barnarda2grass_top.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2leaves_violet_leaves,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnarda2/barnarda2leaves_violet_leaves.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2log_oak,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnarda2/barnarda2log_oak.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2log_oak_top,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnarda2/barnarda2log_oak_top.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2planks_oak,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnarda2/barnarda2planks_oak.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2sapling_violet_tree,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnarda2/barnarda2sapling_violet_tree.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2unknowwaterflowing,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnarda2/barnarda2unknowwaterflowing.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2unknowwaterstill,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnarda2/barnarda2unknowwaterstill.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnardaE/barnardaEgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnardaE/barnardaEgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnardaE/barnardaEoregold,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnardaE/barnardaEoregold.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnardaE/barnardaEoreiron,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnardaE/barnardaEoreiron.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnardaE/barnardaEsubgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnardaE/barnardaEsubgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnardaF/barnardaFgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnardaF/barnardaFgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/barnardaF/barnardaFsubgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/barnardaF/barnardaFsubgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/callisto/callistogrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/callisto/callistogrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/callisto/callistosubgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/callisto/callistosubgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/ceres/ceresTreasureChest,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/ceres/ceresTreasureChest.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/ceres/ceresbricks,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/ceres/ceresbricks.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/ceres/ceresfloor,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/ceres/ceresfloor.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/ceres/ceresglowstone,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/ceres/ceresglowstone.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/ceres/ceresgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/ceres/ceresgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/ceres/ceresmeteoricironore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/ceres/ceresmeteoricironore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/ceres/ceressubgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/ceres/ceressubgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/ceres/cerestop,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/ceres/cerestop.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/ceres/ceresweb,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/ceres/ceresweb.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/ceres/machine,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/ceres/machine.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/deimos/deimosgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/deimos/deimosgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/deimos/deimosoriharukonore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/deimos/deimosoriharukonore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/deimos/deimossubgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/deimos/deimossubgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/deimos/deimostinore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/deimos/deimostinore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ControlCasing,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/ControlCasing.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ControlCasing_Side,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/ControlCasing_Side.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ControlPrimary,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/ControlPrimary.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ControlPrimary_Side,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/ControlPrimary_Side.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ControlSecondary,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/ControlSecondary.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ControlSecondary_Side,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/ControlSecondary_Side.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ControlToroid,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/ControlToroid.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ControlToroid_Side,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/ControlToroid_Side.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitCasing,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitCasing.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitCasing_Side,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitCasing_Side.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitCore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitCore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitCore_Side,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitCore_Side.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitMagnet,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitMagnet.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitMagnet_Side,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitMagnet_Side.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/Floor,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/Floor.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/Floor_Side,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/Floor_Side.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ReceiverCasing,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/ReceiverCasing.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ReceiverCasing_Side,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/ReceiverCasing_Side.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ReceiverDish,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/ReceiverDish.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ReceiverDish_Side,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/ReceiverDish_Side.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/enceladus/enceladusTreasureChest,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/enceladus/enceladusTreasureChest.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/enceladus/enceladusbricks,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/enceladus/enceladusbricks.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/enceladus/enceladuscrystal,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/enceladus/enceladuscrystal.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/enceladus/enceladusglowstone,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/enceladus/enceladusglowstone.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/enceladus/enceladusgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/enceladus/enceladusgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/enceladus/enceladusice,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/enceladus/enceladusice.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/enceladus/enceladussnow,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/enceladus/enceladussnow.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/europa/europageyzer,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/europa/europageyzer.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/europa/europagrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/europa/europagrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/europa/europaice,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/europa/europaice.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/europa/europauwgeyser,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/europa/europauwgeyser.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/ganymede/ganymedegrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/ganymede/ganymedegrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/ganymede/ganymedemagnesiumore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/ganymede/ganymedemagnesiumore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/ganymede/ganymedesubgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/ganymede/ganymedesubgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/ganymede/ganymedetitanuimore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/ganymede/ganymedetitanuimore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/haumea/haumeagrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/haumea/haumeagrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/io/ioTreasureChest,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/io/ioTreasureChest.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/io/ioash,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/io/ioash.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/io/iobricks,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/io/iobricks.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/io/iocopperore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/io/iocopperore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/io/iodualstone_front,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/io/iodualstone_front.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/io/iofloor,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/io/iofloor.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/io/ioglowstone,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/io/ioglowstone.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/io/iogrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/io/iogrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/io/iostone,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/io/iostone.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/io/iosulfurore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/io/iosulfurore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/io/iotop,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/io/iotop.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/io/ioweb,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/io/ioweb.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/io/iowolframiumore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/io/iowolframiumore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/makemake/makemakegrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/makemake/makemakegrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/makemake/makemakesubgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/makemake/makemakesubgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/mercury/mercuryironore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/mercury/mercuryironore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/mercury/mercuryleadore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/mercury/mercuryleadore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/mercury/mercurymetalcore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/mercury/mercurymetalcore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/mercury/mercurynickelore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/mercury/mercurynickelore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/mercury/mercurysubsurface,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/mercury/mercurysubsurface.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/mercury/mercurysurface,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/mercury/mercurysurface.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/miranda/mirandagrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/miranda/mirandagrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/miranda/mirandaironore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/miranda/mirandaironore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/miranda/mirandastone,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/miranda/mirandastone.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/miranda/mirandasubgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/miranda/mirandasubgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/oberon/oberonadamantiteore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/oberon/oberonadamantiteore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/oberon/oberongrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/oberon/oberongrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/oberon/oberonstone,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/oberon/oberonstone.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/oberon/oberonsubgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/oberon/oberonsubgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_black,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_black.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_blue,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_blue.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_brown,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_brown.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_cyan,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_cyan.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_gray,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_gray.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_green,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_green.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_lightblue,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_lightblue.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_lightgray,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_lightgray.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_lime,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_lime.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_magneta,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_magneta.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_none,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_none.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_orange,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_orange.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_pink,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_pink.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_purple,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_purple.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_red,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_red.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_white,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_white.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_yellow,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_yellow.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_adm_1,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_adm_1.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_adm_2,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_adm_2.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_cbt_1,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_cbt_1.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_cbt_2,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_cbt_2.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_copper_1,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_copper_1.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_copper_2,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_copper_2.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_lead_1,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_lead_1.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_lead_2,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_lead_2.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_mgn_1,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_mgn_1.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_mgn_2,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_mgn_2.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_mtr_1,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_mtr_1.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_mtr_2,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_mtr_2.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_nkl_1,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_nkl_1.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_nkl_2,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_nkl_2.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_orh_1,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_orh_1.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_orh_2,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_orh_2.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_plat_1,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_plat_1.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_plat_2,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_plat_2.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_wrm_1,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_wrm_1.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_wrm_2,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_wrm_2.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/converter_surface,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/converter_surface.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/fuelGenerator_0,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/fuelGenerator_0.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/geothermalGenerator_0,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/geothermalGenerator_0.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/geothermalGenerator_lava_input,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/geothermalGenerator_lava_input.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/leadore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/leadore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/machine,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/machine.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/machine_input,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/machine_input.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/machine_output,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/machine_output.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/machine_oxygen_input,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/machine_oxygen_input.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/machine_oxygen_output,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/machine_oxygen_output.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/machine_side,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/machine_side.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/machine_water_input,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/machine_water_input.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/solar_hybrid_0,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/solar_hybrid_0.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/solar_hybrid_1,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/solar_hybrid_1.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/solar_ultra_0,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/solar_ultra_0.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/solar_ultra_1,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/solar_ultra_1.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/solarwind_basic_0,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/solarwind_basic_0.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/solarwind_basic_1,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/solarwind_basic_1.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/storagemodule/module_t3_16,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/storagemodule/module_t3_16.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/storagemodule/module_t4_16,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/storagemodule/module_t4_16.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/storagemodule/oxmodule_t2_16,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/storagemodule/oxmodule_t2_16.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/phobos/phoboscobaltumore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/phobos/phoboscobaltumore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/phobos/phobosdeshore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/phobos/phobosdeshore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/phobos/phobosgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/phobos/phobosgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/phobos/phobosstone,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/phobos/phobosstone.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/phobos/phobossubgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/phobos/phobossubgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/pluto/plutoTreasureChest,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/pluto/plutoTreasureChest.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/pluto/plutobricks,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/pluto/plutobricks.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/pluto/plutoglowstone,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/pluto/plutoglowstone.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/pluto/plutogrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/pluto/plutogrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/pluto/plutogrunt2,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/pluto/plutogrunt2.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/pluto/plutogrunt3,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/pluto/plutogrunt3.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/pluto/plutogrunt4,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/pluto/plutogrunt4.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/pluto/plutostone,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/pluto/plutostone.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/pluto/plutosubgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/pluto/plutosubgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/proteus/proteusTreasureChest,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/proteus/proteusTreasureChest.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/proteus/proteusbricks,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/proteus/proteusbricks.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/proteus/proteusglowstone,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/proteus/proteusglowstone.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/proteus/proteusgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/proteus/proteusgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/proteus/proteusplatinumore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/proteus/proteusplatinumore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/proteus/proteusstone,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/proteus/proteusstone.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/proteus/proteussubgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/proteus/proteussubgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/proteus/proteuswolframiumore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/proteus/proteuswolframiumore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiedandelion0,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/tcetie/tcetiedandelion0.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiedandelion1,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/tcetie/tcetiedandelion1.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiedandelion2,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/tcetie/tcetiedandelion2.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiedandelion3,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/tcetie/tcetiedandelion3.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiedandelion4,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/tcetie/tcetiedandelion4.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiedandelion5,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/tcetie/tcetiedandelion5.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiegrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/tcetie/tcetiegrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiestone,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/tcetie/tcetiestone.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiesubgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/tcetie/tcetiesubgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/titan/methanflowing,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/titan/methanflowing.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/titan/methanstill,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/titan/methanstill.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/titan/titangrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/titan/titangrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/titan/titanstone,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/titan/titanstone.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/titan/titansubgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/titan/titansubgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/triton/tritongrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/triton/tritongrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/triton/tritonmithrilore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/triton/tritonmithrilore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/triton/tritonstone,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/triton/tritonstone.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/triton/tritonsubgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/triton/tritonsubgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/vegaB/vegaBgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/vegaB/vegaBgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/vegaB/vegaBsubgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/vegaB/vegaBsubgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/venus/venusdiamondore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/venus/venusdiamondore.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/venus/venusgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/venus/venusgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/venus/venussubgrunt,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/venus/venussubgrunt.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/venus/venussulfurore,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/venus/venussulfurore.png
texture:id=minecraft/ice_packed,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/ice_packed.png



# %machineframes:* (machineframes), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.BlockMachineFrames
block:id=%machineframes,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine

# %geothermalgenerator:* (geothermalgenerator), render=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.client.render.block.BlockRendererMachine(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.machine.BlockGeothermalGenerator
block:id=%geothermalgenerator,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/geothermalGenerator_lava_input,face4=0:galaxyspace/overworld/geothermalGenerator_0,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side
block:id=%geothermalgenerator,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galaxyspace/overworld/geothermalGenerator_lava_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/geothermalGenerator_0
block:id=%geothermalgenerator,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/geothermalGenerator_0,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/geothermalGenerator_lava_input
block:id=%geothermalgenerator,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galaxyspace/overworld/geothermalGenerator_0,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face4=0:galaxyspace/overworld/geothermalGenerator_lava_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output
block:id=%geothermalgenerator,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2-5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side

# %fuelgenerator:* (fuelgenerator), render=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.client.render.block.BlockRendererMachine(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.machine.BlockFuelGenerator
block:id=%fuelgenerator,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuel_input,face4=0:galaxyspace/overworld/fuelGenerator_0,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side
block:id=%fuelgenerator,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuel_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/fuelGenerator_0
block:id=%fuelgenerator,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/fuelGenerator_0,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuel_input
block:id=%fuelgenerator,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galaxyspace/overworld/fuelGenerator_0,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_fuel_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output
block:id=%fuelgenerator,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2-5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side

# %solarwindpanel:* (solarwindpanel), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.machine.BlockSolarWindPanel
block:id=%solarwindpanel,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solarwind_basic_0,face2=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solarwind_basic_1,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face4-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solarwind_basic_1
block:id=%solarwindpanel,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solarwind_basic_0,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face3-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solarwind_basic_1
block:id=%solarwindpanel,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solarwind_basic_0,face2-4=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solarwind_basic_1,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output
block:id=%solarwindpanel,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solarwind_basic_0,face2-3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solarwind_basic_1,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solarwind_basic_1
block:id=%solarwindpanel,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galacticraftcore/machine_blank,face1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solarwind_basic_0,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solarwind_basic_1

# %assemblymachine:* (assemblymachine), render=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.client.render.block.BlockRendererMachine(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.machine.BlockAssemblyMachine
block:id=%assemblymachine,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face4=0:galaxyspace/ceres/machine,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side
block:id=%assemblymachine,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face5=0:galaxyspace/ceres/machine
block:id=%assemblymachine,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face3=0:galaxyspace/ceres/machine,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side
block:id=%assemblymachine,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galaxyspace/ceres/machine,face3-4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_input
block:id=%assemblymachine,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2-5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side

# %convertersurface:* (convertersurface), render=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.client.render.block.BlockRendererMachine(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.machine.BlockConverterSurface
block:id=%convertersurface,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_water_input,face4=0:galaxyspace/overworld/converter_surface,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side
block:id=%convertersurface,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_water_input,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/converter_surface
block:id=%convertersurface,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/converter_surface,face4=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output,face5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_water_input
block:id=%convertersurface,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2=0:galaxyspace/overworld/converter_surface,face3=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side,face4=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_water_input,face5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_output
block:id=%convertersurface,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galacticraftcore/machine,face2-5=0:galacticraftcore/machine_side

# %storagemoduleT3:* (storagemoduleT3), render=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.client.render.block.BlockRendererMachine(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.machine.BlockStorageModuleT3
block:id=%storagemoduleT3,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face2=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_output,face3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_input,face4-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/storagemodule/module_t3_16
block:id=%storagemoduleT3,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face2=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_input,face3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_output,face4-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/storagemodule/module_t3_16
block:id=%storagemoduleT3,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face2-3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/storagemodule/module_t3_16,face4=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_output,face5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_input
block:id=%storagemoduleT3,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face2-3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/storagemodule/module_t3_16,face4=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_input,face5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_output
block:id=%storagemoduleT3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_side
block:id=%storagemoduleT3,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face2=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_output,face3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_input,face4-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/storagemodule/module_t4_16
block:id=%storagemoduleT3,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face2=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_input,face3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_output,face4-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/storagemodule/module_t4_16
block:id=%storagemoduleT3,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face2-3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/storagemodule/module_t4_16,face4=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_output,face5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_input
block:id=%storagemoduleT3,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face2-3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/storagemodule/module_t4_16,face4=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_input,face5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_output
block:id=%storagemoduleT3,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_side

# %oxstoragemoduleT2:* (oxstoragemoduleT2), render=micdoodle8.mods.galacticraft.core.client.render.block.BlockRendererMachine(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.machine.BlockOxStorageModuleT2
block:id=%oxstoragemoduleT2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face2=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_oxygen_input,face3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_oxygen_output,face4-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/storagemodule/oxmodule_t2_16
block:id=%oxstoragemoduleT2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face2=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_oxygen_output,face3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_oxygen_input,face4-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/storagemodule/oxmodule_t2_16
block:id=%oxstoragemoduleT2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face2-3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/storagemodule/oxmodule_t2_16,face4=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_oxygen_input,face5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_oxygen_output
block:id=%oxstoragemoduleT2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face2-3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/storagemodule/oxmodule_t2_16,face4=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_oxygen_output,face5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_oxygen_input
block:id=%oxstoragemoduleT2,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/storagemodule/oxmodule_t2_16

# %solarPanel:* (solarPanel), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.machine.BlockSolarPanel
block:id=%solarPanel,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_hybrid_0,face2=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_hybrid_1,face3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_output,face4-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_hybrid_1
block:id=%solarPanel,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_hybrid_0,face2=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_output,face3-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_hybrid_1
block:id=%solarPanel,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_hybrid_0,face2-4=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_hybrid_1,face5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_output
block:id=%solarPanel,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_hybrid_0,face2-3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_hybrid_1,face4=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_output,face5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_hybrid_1
block:id=%solarPanel,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_ultra_0,face2=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_ultra_1,face3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_output,face4-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_ultra_1
block:id=%solarPanel,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_ultra_0,face2=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_output,face3-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_ultra_1
block:id=%solarPanel,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_ultra_0,face2-4=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_ultra_1,face5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_output
block:id=%solarPanel,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_ultra_0,face2-3=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_ultra_1,face4=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine_output,face5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_ultra_1
block:id=%solarPanel,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine,face1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_ultra_0,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/solar_ultra_1

# %metalsblock:* (metalsblock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.BlockMetals
block:id=%metalsblock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_lead_2,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_lead_1
block:id=%metalsblock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_adm_2,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_adm_1
block:id=%metalsblock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_cbt_2,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_cbt_1
block:id=%metalsblock,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_mgn_2,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_mgn_1
block:id=%metalsblock,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_mtr_2,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_mtr_1
block:id=%metalsblock,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_nkl_2,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_nkl_1
block:id=%metalsblock,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_orh_2,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_orh_1
block:id=%metalsblock,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_plat_2,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_plat_1
block:id=%metalsblock,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_wrm_2,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_wrm_1
block:id=%metalsblock,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_copper_2,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_copper_1
block:id=%metalsblock,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_lead_2,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/blocksmetals/deco_lead_1

# %futureglass:* (futureglass), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.BlockFutureGlass
block:id=%futureglass,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_none

# %futureglasses:* (futureglasses), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.BlockFutureGlasses
block:id=%futureglasses,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_black
block:id=%futureglasses,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_red
block:id=%futureglasses,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_green
block:id=%futureglasses,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_brown
block:id=%futureglasses,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_blue
block:id=%futureglasses,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_purple
block:id=%futureglasses,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_cyan
block:id=%futureglasses,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_lightgray
block:id=%futureglasses,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_gray
block:id=%futureglasses,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_pink
block:id=%futureglasses,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_lime
block:id=%futureglasses,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_yellow
block:id=%futureglasses,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_lightblue
block:id=%futureglasses,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_magneta
block:id=%futureglasses,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_orange
block:id=%futureglasses,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:galaxyspace/overworld/blockfutureglass/futureglass_white

# %dysonswarmparts:* (dysonswarmparts), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.BlockDysonSwarmPart
block:id=%dysonswarmparts,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ReceiverCasing,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ReceiverCasing_Side
block:id=%dysonswarmparts,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ReceiverDish,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ReceiverDish_Side
block:id=%dysonswarmparts,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitCasing,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitCasing_Side
block:id=%dysonswarmparts,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitCore,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitCore_Side
block:id=%dysonswarmparts,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitMagnet,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitMagnet_Side
block:id=%dysonswarmparts,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ControlCasing,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ControlCasing_Side
block:id=%dysonswarmparts,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ControlPrimary,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ControlPrimary_Side
block:id=%dysonswarmparts,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ControlSecondary,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ControlSecondary_Side
block:id=%dysonswarmparts,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ControlToroid,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ControlToroid_Side
block:id=%dysonswarmparts,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/Floor,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/Floor_Side
block:id=%dysonswarmparts,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ReceiverCasing,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ReceiverCasing_Side
block:id=%dysonswarmparts,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ReceiverDish,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ReceiverDish_Side
block:id=%dysonswarmparts,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitCasing,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitCasing_Side
block:id=%dysonswarmparts,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitCore,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitCore_Side
block:id=%dysonswarmparts,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitMagnet,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/DeploymentUnitMagnet_Side
block:id=%dysonswarmparts,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ControlCasing,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/dysonSwarm/ControlCasing_Side

# %mercuryblocks:* (mercuryblocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.planets.mercury.block.MercuryBlocks
block:id=%mercuryblocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/mercury/mercurysurface
block:id=%mercuryblocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/mercury/mercurysubsurface
block:id=%mercuryblocks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/mercury/mercurymetalcore
block:id=%mercuryblocks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/mercury/mercuryleadore
block:id=%mercuryblocks,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/mercury/mercuryironore
block:id=%mercuryblocks,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/mercury/mercurynickelore
block:id=%mercuryblocks,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/mercury/mercurysurface

# %venusblocks:* (venusblocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.planets.venus.block.VenusBlocks
block:id=%venusblocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/venus/venusgrunt
block:id=%venusblocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/venus/venussubgrunt
block:id=%venusblocks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/venus/venussulfurore
block:id=%venusblocks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/venus/venusdiamondore
block:id=%venusblocks,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/venus/venusgrunt

# %leadore:* (leadore), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.BlockLeadOre
block:id=%leadore,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/overworld/leadore

# %ceresblocks:* (ceresblocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.planets.ceres.blocks.CeresBlocks
block:id=%ceresblocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/ceres/ceresgrunt
block:id=%ceresblocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/ceres/ceressubgrunt
block:id=%ceresblocks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/ceres/ceresbricks
block:id=%ceresblocks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/ceres/ceresmeteoricironore
block:id=%ceresblocks,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/ceres/ceresfloor
block:id=%ceresblocks,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/ceres/cerestop
block:id=%ceresblocks,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/ceres/ceresgrunt

# %ceresglowstone:* (ceresglowstone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.planets.ceres.blocks.CeresBlockGlowStone
block:id=%ceresglowstone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/ceres/ceresglowstone

# %ceresTChestT4:* (ceresTChestT4), render=galaxyspace.core.render.block.chest.BlockRendererTreasureChestT4(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.chest.BlockT4TreasureChest
block:id=%ceresTChestT4,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/ceres/ceresTreasureChest

# %ceresweb:* (ceresweb), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.planets.ceres.blocks.CeresBlockWeb
block:id=%ceresweb,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:galaxyspace/ceres/ceresweb

# %plutoblocks:* (plutoblocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.planets.pluto.block.PlutoBlocks
block:id=%plutoblocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/pluto/plutogrunt
block:id=%plutoblocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/pluto/plutogrunt2
block:id=%plutoblocks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/pluto/plutogrunt3
block:id=%plutoblocks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/pluto/plutogrunt4
block:id=%plutoblocks,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/pluto/plutosubgrunt
block:id=%plutoblocks,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/pluto/plutostone
block:id=%plutoblocks,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/pluto/plutobricks
block:id=%plutoblocks,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/pluto/plutogrunt

# %plutoglowstone:* (plutoglowstone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.planets.pluto.block.PlutoBlockGlowStone
block:id=%plutoglowstone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/pluto/plutoglowstone

# %plutoTChestT8:* (plutoTChestT8), render=galaxyspace.core.render.block.chest.BlockRendererTreasureChestT8(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.chest.BlockT8TreasureChest
block:id=%plutoTChestT8,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/pluto/plutoTreasureChest

# %haumeablocks:* (haumeablocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.planets.haumea.block.HaumeaBlocks
block:id=%haumeablocks,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/haumea/haumeagrunt

# %makemakegrunt:* (makemakegrunt), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.planets.makemake.block.MakemakeBlocks
block:id=%makemakegrunt,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/makemake/makemakegrunt
block:id=%makemakegrunt,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/makemake/makemakesubgrunt
block:id=%makemakegrunt,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/makemake/makemakegrunt

# %phobosblocks:* (phobosblocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.phobos.block.PhobosBlocks
block:id=%phobosblocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/phobos/phobosgrunt
block:id=%phobosblocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/phobos/phobossubgrunt
block:id=%phobosblocks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/phobos/phobosstone
block:id=%phobosblocks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/phobos/phobosdeshore
block:id=%phobosblocks,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/phobos/phoboscobaltumore
block:id=%phobosblocks,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/phobos/phobosgrunt

# %deimosblocks:* (deimosblocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.deimos.block.DeimosBlocks
block:id=%deimosblocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/deimos/deimosgrunt
block:id=%deimosblocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/deimos/deimossubgrunt
block:id=%deimosblocks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/deimos/deimosoriharukonore
block:id=%deimosblocks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/deimos/deimostinore
block:id=%deimosblocks,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/deimos/deimosgrunt

# %ioblocks:* (ioblocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.io.block.IOBlocks
block:id=%ioblocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/io/iogrunt
block:id=%ioblocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/io/ioash
block:id=%ioblocks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/io/iostone
block:id=%ioblocks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/io/iobricks
block:id=%ioblocks,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/io/iocopperore
block:id=%ioblocks,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/io/iowolframiumore
block:id=%ioblocks,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/io/iosulfurore
block:id=%ioblocks,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/io/iotop
block:id=%ioblocks,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/io/iofloor
block:id=%ioblocks,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/io/iogrunt

# %ioglowstone:* (ioglowstone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.io.block.IOBlockGlowStone
block:id=%ioglowstone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/io/ioglowstone

# %ioTChestT5:* (ioTChestT5), render=galaxyspace.core.render.block.chest.BlockRendererTreasureChestT5(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.chest.BlockT5TreasureChest
block:id=%ioTChestT5,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/io/ioTreasureChest

# %ioweb:* (ioweb), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.io.block.IOBlockWeb
block:id=%ioweb,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:galaxyspace/io/ioweb

# %iodualstone:* (iodualstone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.io.block.IOBlockDualStone
block:id=%iodualstone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:galaxyspace/io/iogrunt,face1=0:galaxyspace/io/ioash,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/io/iodualstone_front

# %europagrunt:* (europagrunt), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.europa.block.EuropaBlocks
block:id=%europagrunt,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/europa/europagrunt
block:id=%europagrunt,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/europa/europaice
block:id=%europagrunt,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/europa/europagrunt

# %europageyser:* (europageyser), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.europa.block.EuropaBlockGeyzer
block:id=%europageyser,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/europa/europageyzer,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/europa/europagrunt

# %europaunderwatergeyser:* (europaunderwatergeyser), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.europa.block.EuropaBlockUnderwaterGeyser
block:id=%europaunderwatergeyser,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/europa/europauwgeyser,face2-5=0:minecraft/ice_packed

# %ganymedeblocks:* (ganymedeblocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.ganymede.block.GanymedeBlocks
block:id=%ganymedeblocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/ganymede/ganymedegrunt
block:id=%ganymedeblocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/ganymede/ganymedesubgrunt
block:id=%ganymedeblocks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/ganymede/ganymedemagnesiumore
block:id=%ganymedeblocks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/ganymede/ganymedetitanuimore
block:id=%ganymedeblocks,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/ganymede/ganymedegrunt

# %callistoblocks:* (callistoblocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.callisto.block.CallistoBlocks
block:id=%callistoblocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/callisto/callistogrunt
block:id=%callistoblocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/callisto/callistosubgrunt
block:id=%callistoblocks,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/callisto/callistogrunt

# %enceladusblocks:* (enceladusblocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.enceladus.block.EnceladusBlocks
block:id=%enceladusblocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/enceladus/enceladussnow
block:id=%enceladusblocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/enceladus/enceladusgrunt
block:id=%enceladusblocks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/enceladus/enceladusbricks
block:id=%enceladusblocks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/enceladus/enceladusice
block:id=%enceladusblocks,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/enceladus/enceladussnow

# %enceladuscrystal:* (enceladuscrystal), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.enceladus.block.EnceladusBlockCrystal
block:id=%enceladuscrystal,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/enceladus/enceladuscrystal

# %enceladusglowstone:* (enceladusglowstone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.enceladus.block.EnceladusBlockGlowStone
block:id=%enceladusglowstone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/enceladus/enceladusglowstone

# %enceladusTChestT6:* (enceladusTChestT6), render=galaxyspace.core.render.block.chest.BlockRendererTreasureChestT6(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.chest.BlockT6TreasureChest
block:id=%enceladusTChestT6,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/enceladus/enceladusTreasureChest

# %titanblocks:* (titanblocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.titan.block.TitanBlocks
block:id=%titanblocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/titan/titangrunt
block:id=%titanblocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/titan/titansubgrunt
block:id=%titanblocks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/titan/titanstone
block:id=%titanblocks,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/titan/titangrunt

# %mirandablocks:* (mirandablocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.miranda.block.MirandaBlocks
block:id=%mirandablocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/miranda/mirandagrunt
block:id=%mirandablocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/miranda/mirandasubgrunt
block:id=%mirandablocks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/miranda/mirandastone
block:id=%mirandablocks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/miranda/mirandaironore
block:id=%mirandablocks,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/miranda/mirandagrunt

# %oberonblocks:* (oberonblocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.oberon.block.OberonBlocks
block:id=%oberonblocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/oberon/oberongrunt
block:id=%oberonblocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/oberon/oberonsubgrunt
block:id=%oberonblocks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/oberon/oberonstone
block:id=%oberonblocks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/oberon/oberonadamantiteore
block:id=%oberonblocks,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/oberon/oberongrunt

# %proteusblocks:* (proteusblocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.proteus.block.ProteusBlocks
block:id=%proteusblocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/proteus/proteusgrunt
block:id=%proteusblocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/proteus/proteussubgrunt
block:id=%proteusblocks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/proteus/proteusstone
block:id=%proteusblocks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/proteus/proteusbricks
block:id=%proteusblocks,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/proteus/proteusplatinumore
block:id=%proteusblocks,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/proteus/proteuswolframiumore
block:id=%proteusblocks,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/proteus/proteusgrunt

# %proteusglowstone:* (proteusglowstone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.proteus.block.ProteusBlockGlowStone
block:id=%proteusglowstone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/proteus/proteusglowstone

# %proteusTChestT7:* (proteusTChestT7), render=galaxyspace.core.render.block.chest.BlockRendererTreasureChestT7(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.chest.BlockT7TreasureChest
block:id=%proteusTChestT7,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/proteus/proteusTreasureChest

# %tritonblocks:* (tritonblocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.SolarSystem.moons.triton.block.TritonBlocks
block:id=%tritonblocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/triton/tritongrunt
block:id=%tritonblocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/triton/tritonsubgrunt
block:id=%tritonblocks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/triton/tritonstone
block:id=%tritonblocks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/triton/tritonmithrilore
block:id=%tritonblocks,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/triton/tritongrunt

# %liquidmethane:* (liquidmethane), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.BlockMethane
block:id=%liquidmethane,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:galaxyspace/titan/methanstill,face2-5=12000:galaxyspace/titan/methanflowing

# %biofuel:* (biofuel), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.core.block.BlockBioFuel
block:id=%biofuel,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:galaxyspace/titan/methanstill,face2-5=12000:galaxyspace/titan/methanflowing

# %acentauribbgrunt:* (acentauribbgrunt), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.ACentauriSystem.planets.aCentauriBb.block.ACentauriBbBlockGrunt
block:id=%acentauribbgrunt,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/acentauribb/acentauribbgrunt

# %acentauribbsubgrunt:* (acentauribbsubgrunt), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.ACentauriSystem.planets.aCentauriBb.block.ACentauriBbBlockSubGrunt
block:id=%acentauribbsubgrunt,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/acentauribb/acentauribbsubgrunt

# %barnardaCgrass:* (barnardaCgrass), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.BarnardsSystem.planets.barnardaC.block.BarnardaCBlockGrass
block:id=%barnardaCgrass,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2dirt,face1=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2grass_top,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2grass_side

# %barnardaCdirt:* (barnardaCdirt), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.BarnardsSystem.planets.barnardaC.block.BarnardaCBlockDirt
block:id=%barnardaCdirt,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2dirt

# %barnardaCdandelions:* (barnardaCdandelions), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.BarnardsSystem.planets.barnardaC.block.BarnardaCBlockDandelions
block:id=%barnardaCdandelions,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2dandelion0
block:id=%barnardaCdandelions,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2dandelion1
block:id=%barnardaCdandelions,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2dandelion2
block:id=%barnardaCdandelions,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2dandelion0

# %barnardaCdandelion3:* (barnardaCdandelion3), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.BarnardsSystem.planets.barnardaC.block.BarnardaCBlockDandelion3
block:id=%barnardaCdandelion3,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2dandelion2

# %barnardaCreed:* (barnardaCreed), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.BarnardsSystem.planets.barnardaC.block.BarnardaCBlockReed
block:id=%barnardaCreed,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2dandelion3
block:id=%barnardaCreed,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2dandelion4
block:id=%barnardaCreed,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2dandelion3

# %barnardaCsapling:* (barnardaCsapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.BarnardsSystem.planets.barnardaC.block.BarnardaCBlockSapling
block:id=%barnardaCsapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2sapling_violet_tree

# %barnardaClog:* (barnardaClog), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.BarnardsSystem.planets.barnardaC.block.BarnardaCBlockLog
block:id=%barnardaClog,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2log_oak_top,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2log_oak
block:id=%barnardaClog,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2log_oak_top,face2-3=4000:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2log_oak,face4-5=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2log_oak
block:id=%barnardaClog,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2log_oak_top,face2-3=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2log_oak,face4-5=4000:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2log_oak
block:id=%barnardaClog,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2log_oak_top,face2-5=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2log_oak

# %barnardaCplanks:* (barnardaCplanks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.BarnardsSystem.planets.barnardaC.block.BarnardaCBlockPlanks
block:id=%barnardaCplanks,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2planks_oak

# %barnardaCleaves:* (barnardaCleaves), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.BarnardsSystem.planets.barnardaC.block.BarnardaCBlockLeaves
block:id=%barnardaCleaves,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2leaves_violet_leaves

# %barnardaCcrystal:* (barnardaCcrystal), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.BarnardsSystem.planets.barnardaC.block.BarnardaCBlockCrystal
block:id=%barnardaCcrystal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:galaxyspace/enceladus/enceladuscrystal

# %barnardaEgrunt:* (barnardaEgrunt), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.BarnardsSystem.planets.barnardaE.block.BarnardaEBlockGrunt
block:id=%barnardaEgrunt,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/barnardaE/barnardaEgrunt

# %barnardaEsubgrunt:* (barnardaEsubgrunt), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.BarnardsSystem.planets.barnardaE.block.BarnardaEBlockSubGrunt
block:id=%barnardaEsubgrunt,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/barnardaE/barnardaEsubgrunt

# %barnardaEoreiron:* (barnardaEoreiron), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.BarnardsSystem.planets.barnardaE.block.BarnardaEBlockOreIron
block:id=%barnardaEoreiron,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/barnardaE/barnardaEoreiron

# %barnardaEoregold:* (barnardaEoregold), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.BarnardsSystem.planets.barnardaE.block.BarnardaEBlockOreGold
block:id=%barnardaEoregold,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/barnardaE/barnardaEoregold

# %barnardaFgrunt:* (barnardaFgrunt), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.BarnardsSystem.planets.barnardaF.block.BarnardaFBlockGrunt
block:id=%barnardaFgrunt,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/barnardaF/barnardaFgrunt

# %barnardaFsubgrunt:* (barnardaFsubgrunt), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.BarnardsSystem.planets.barnardaF.block.BarnardaFBlockSubGrunt
block:id=%barnardaFsubgrunt,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/barnardaF/barnardaFsubgrunt

# %unknowwater:* (unknowwater), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.BarnardsSystem.planets.barnardaC.block.BarnardaCBlockUnknowWater
block:id=%unknowwater,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2unknowwaterstill,face2-5=12000:galaxyspace/barnarda2/barnarda2unknowwaterflowing

# %vegabgrunt:* (vegabgrunt), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.VegaSystem.planets.vegaB.block.VegaBBlockGrunt
block:id=%vegabgrunt,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/vegaB/vegaBgrunt

# %vegabsubgrunt:* (vegabsubgrunt), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.VegaSystem.planets.vegaB.block.VegaBBlockSubGrunt
block:id=%vegabsubgrunt,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/vegaB/vegaBsubgrunt

# %tcetieblocks:* (tcetieblocks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=galaxyspace.TCetiSystem.planets.tcetiE.block.TCetiEBlocks
block:id=%tcetieblocks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiegrunt
block:id=%tcetieblocks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiesubgrunt
block:id=%tcetieblocks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiestone
block:id=%tcetieblocks,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiegrunt

# %tcetiedandelions:* (tcetiedandelions), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=galaxyspace.TCetiSystem.planets.tcetiE.block.TCetiEBlockDandelions
block:id=%tcetiedandelions,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiedandelion0
block:id=%tcetiedandelions,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiedandelion1
block:id=%tcetiedandelions,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiedandelion2
block:id=%tcetiedandelions,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiedandelion3
block:id=%tcetiedandelions,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiedandelion4
block:id=%tcetiedandelions,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiedandelion5
block:id=%tcetiedandelions,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:galaxyspace/tcetie/tcetiedandelion0
