# modernmarkings 0.3.12-1.7.10
version:1.7
modname:modernmarkings



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_black_singleline,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_black_singleline.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_blue_crossing,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_blue_crossing.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_blue_end,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_blue_end.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_blue_hazardline,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_blue_hazardline.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_blue_sideline,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_blue_sideline.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_blue_singleline,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_blue_singleline.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_blue_square,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_blue_square.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_blue_t_crossing,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_blue_t_crossing.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_blue_turn,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_blue_turn.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_danger_red,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_danger_red.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_danger_yellow,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_danger_yellow.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_exit,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_exit.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_green_crossing,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_green_crossing.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_green_end,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_green_end.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_green_hazardline,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_green_hazardline.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_green_sideline,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_green_sideline.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_green_singleline,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_green_singleline.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_green_square,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_green_square.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_green_t_crossing,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_green_t_crossing.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_green_turn,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_green_turn.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_a,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_a.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_b,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_b.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_c,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_c.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_d,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_d.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_e,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_e.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_f,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_f.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_g,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_g.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_h,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_h.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_i,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_i.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_j,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_j.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_k,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_k.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_l,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_l.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_m,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_m.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_n,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_n.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_o,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_o.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_p,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_p.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_q,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_q.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_r,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_r.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_s,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_s.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_t,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_t.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_u,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_u.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_v,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_v.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_w,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_w.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_x,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_x.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_y,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_y.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_letter_z,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_letter_z.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_noentry,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_noentry.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_nostep,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_nostep.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_number_0,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_number_0.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_number_1,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_number_1.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_number_2,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_number_2.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_number_3,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_number_3.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_number_4,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_number_4.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_number_5,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_number_5.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_number_6,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_number_6.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_number_7,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_number_7.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_number_8,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_number_8.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_number_9,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_number_9.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_number_comma,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_number_comma.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_number_dash,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_number_dash.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_number_no,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_number_no.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_number_numero,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_number_numero.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_number_period,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_number_period.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_orange_crossing,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_orange_crossing.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_orange_end,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_orange_end.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_orange_hazardline,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_orange_hazardline.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_orange_sideline,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_orange_sideline.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_orange_singleline,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_orange_singleline.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_orange_square,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_orange_square.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_orange_t_crossing,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_orange_t_crossing.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_orange_turn,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_orange_turn.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_red_crossing,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_red_crossing.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_red_end,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_red_end.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_red_hazardline,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_red_hazardline.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_red_sideline,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_red_sideline.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_red_singleline,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_red_singleline.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_red_square,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_red_square.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_red_t_crossing,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_red_t_crossing.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_red_turn,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_red_turn.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_redx,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_redx.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_arrowleft,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_arrowleft.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_arrowright,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_arrowright.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_exit,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_exit.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_fire_extinguisher,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_fire_extinguisher.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_first_aid,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_first_aid.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_hazard_diamond,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_hazard_diamond.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_hazardline_left,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_hazardline_left.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_hazardline_right,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_hazardline_right.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_chemical,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_symbol_chemical.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_electric,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_symbol_electric.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_fire,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_symbol_fire.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_fluid,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_symbol_fluid.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_frost,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_symbol_frost.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_gears,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_symbol_gears.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_laser,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_symbol_laser.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_magic,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_symbol_magic.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_mob,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_symbol_mob.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_pinch,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_symbol_pinch.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_production,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_symbol_production.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_radiation,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_symbol_radiation.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_radiation_2,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_symbol_radiation_2.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_storage,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_symbol_storage.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_unit,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_unit.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_eu,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_voltage_eu.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_ev,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_voltage_ev.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_fe,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_voltage_fe.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_hv,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_voltage_hv.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_iv,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_voltage_iv.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_luv,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_voltage_luv.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_lv,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_voltage_lv.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_max,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_voltage_max.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_mv,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_voltage_mv.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_pert,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_voltage_pert.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_rf,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_voltage_rf.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uev,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_voltage_uev.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uhv,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_voltage_uhv.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uiv,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_voltage_uiv.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_umv,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_voltage_umv.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uv,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_voltage_uv.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uxv,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_voltage_uxv.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_zpm,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_voltage_zpm.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_wall_warning_danger,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_wall_warning_danger.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_white_arrow,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_white_arrow.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_white_crossing,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_white_crossing.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_white_end,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_white_end.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_white_lane,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_white_lane.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_white_lane_cross,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_white_lane_cross.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_white_sideline,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_white_sideline.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_white_singleline,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_white_singleline.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_white_square,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_white_square.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_white_t_crossing,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_white_t_crossing.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_white_turn,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_white_turn.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_whiteblack_hazardline,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_whiteblack_hazardline.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_yellow_arrow,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_yellow_arrow.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_yellow_crossing,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_yellow_crossing.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_yellow_end,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_yellow_end.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_yellow_hazardline,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_yellow_hazardline.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_yellow_lane,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_yellow_lane.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_yellow_sideline,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_yellow_sideline.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_yellow_singleline,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_yellow_singleline.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_yellow_square,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_yellow_square.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_yellow_stripes,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_yellow_stripes.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_yellow_t_crossing,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_yellow_t_crossing.png
texture:id=modernmarkings/marking_yellow_turn,filename=assets/modernmarkings/textures/blocks/marking_yellow_turn.png



# %tile.floor_marking_black_singleline:* (tile.floor_marking_black_singleline), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_black_singleline,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_black_singleline

# %tile.floor_marking_white_arrow:* (tile.floor_marking_white_arrow), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_white_arrow,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_white_arrow

# %tile.floor_marking_white_lane:* (tile.floor_marking_white_lane), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_white_lane,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_white_lane

# %tile.floor_marking_white_lane_cross:* (tile.floor_marking_white_lane_cross), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_white_lane_cross,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_white_lane_cross

# %tile.floor_marking_white_singleline:* (tile.floor_marking_white_singleline), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_white_singleline,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_white_singleline

# %tile.floor_marking_white_square:* (tile.floor_marking_white_square), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_white_square,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_white_square

# %tile.floor_marking_whiteblack_hazardline:* (tile.floor_marking_whiteblack_hazardline), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_whiteblack_hazardline,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_whiteblack_hazardline

# %tile.floor_marking_noentry:* (tile.floor_marking_noentry), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_noentry,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_noentry

# %tile.floor_marking_nostep:* (tile.floor_marking_nostep), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_nostep,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_nostep

# %tile.floor_marking_exit:* (tile.floor_marking_exit), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_exit,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_exit

# %tile.floor_marking_yellow_arrow:* (tile.floor_marking_yellow_arrow), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_yellow_arrow,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_yellow_arrow

# %tile.floor_marking_yellow_hazardline:* (tile.floor_marking_yellow_hazardline), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_yellow_hazardline,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_yellow_hazardline

# %tile.floor_marking_yellow_lane:* (tile.floor_marking_yellow_lane), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_yellow_lane,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_yellow_lane

# %tile.floor_marking_yellow_sideline:* (tile.floor_marking_yellow_sideline), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_yellow_sideline,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_yellow_sideline

# %tile.floor_marking_yellow_singleline:* (tile.floor_marking_yellow_singleline), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_yellow_singleline,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_yellow_singleline

# %tile.floor_marking_yellow_square:* (tile.floor_marking_yellow_square), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_yellow_square,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_yellow_square

# %tile.floor_marking_yellow_stripes:* (tile.floor_marking_yellow_stripes), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_yellow_stripes,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_yellow_stripes

# %tile.floor_marking_yellow_t_crossing:* (tile.floor_marking_yellow_t_crossing), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_yellow_t_crossing,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_yellow_t_crossing

# %tile.floor_marking_yellow_crossing:* (tile.floor_marking_yellow_crossing), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_yellow_crossing,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_yellow_crossing

# %tile.floor_marking_yellow_turn:* (tile.floor_marking_yellow_turn), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_yellow_turn,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_yellow_turn

# %tile.floor_marking_yellow_end:* (tile.floor_marking_yellow_end), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_yellow_end,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_yellow_end

# %tile.floor_marking_danger_yellow:* (tile.floor_marking_danger_yellow), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_danger_yellow,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_danger_yellow

# %tile.floor_marking_white_t_crossing:* (tile.floor_marking_white_t_crossing), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_white_t_crossing,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_white_t_crossing

# %tile.floor_marking_white_crossing:* (tile.floor_marking_white_crossing), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_white_crossing,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_white_crossing

# %tile.floor_marking_white_turn:* (tile.floor_marking_white_turn), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_white_turn,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_white_turn

# %tile.floor_marking_white_end:* (tile.floor_marking_white_end), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_white_end,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_white_end

# %tile.floor_marking_white_sideline:* (tile.floor_marking_white_sideline), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_white_sideline,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_white_sideline

# %tile.floor_marking_green_t_crossing:* (tile.floor_marking_green_t_crossing), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_green_t_crossing,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_green_t_crossing

# %tile.floor_marking_green_crossing:* (tile.floor_marking_green_crossing), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_green_crossing,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_green_crossing

# %tile.floor_marking_green_turn:* (tile.floor_marking_green_turn), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_green_turn,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_green_turn

# %tile.floor_marking_green_end:* (tile.floor_marking_green_end), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_green_end,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_green_end

# %tile.floor_marking_green_sideline:* (tile.floor_marking_green_sideline), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_green_sideline,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_green_sideline

# %tile.floor_marking_green_square:* (tile.floor_marking_green_square), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_green_square,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_green_square

# %tile.floor_marking_green_hazardline:* (tile.floor_marking_green_hazardline), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_green_hazardline,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_green_hazardline

# %tile.floor_marking_green_singleline:* (tile.floor_marking_green_singleline), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_green_singleline,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_green_singleline

# %tile.floor_marking_blue_t_crossing:* (tile.floor_marking_blue_t_crossing), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_blue_t_crossing,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_blue_t_crossing

# %tile.floor_marking_blue_crossing:* (tile.floor_marking_blue_crossing), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_blue_crossing,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_blue_crossing

# %tile.floor_marking_blue_turn:* (tile.floor_marking_blue_turn), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_blue_turn,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_blue_turn

# %tile.floor_marking_blue_end:* (tile.floor_marking_blue_end), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_blue_end,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_blue_end

# %tile.floor_marking_blue_sideline:* (tile.floor_marking_blue_sideline), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_blue_sideline,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_blue_sideline

# %tile.floor_marking_blue_square:* (tile.floor_marking_blue_square), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_blue_square,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_blue_square

# %tile.floor_marking_blue_hazardline:* (tile.floor_marking_blue_hazardline), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_blue_hazardline,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_blue_hazardline

# %tile.floor_marking_blue_singleline:* (tile.floor_marking_blue_singleline), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_blue_singleline,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_blue_singleline

# %tile.floor_marking_red_t_crossing:* (tile.floor_marking_red_t_crossing), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_red_t_crossing,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_red_t_crossing

# %tile.floor_marking_red_crossing:* (tile.floor_marking_red_crossing), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_red_crossing,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_red_crossing

# %tile.floor_marking_red_turn:* (tile.floor_marking_red_turn), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_red_turn,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_red_turn

# %tile.floor_marking_red_end:* (tile.floor_marking_red_end), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_red_end,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_red_end

# %tile.floor_marking_red_sideline:* (tile.floor_marking_red_sideline), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_red_sideline,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_red_sideline

# %tile.floor_marking_red_square:* (tile.floor_marking_red_square), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_red_square,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_red_square

# %tile.floor_marking_red_hazardline:* (tile.floor_marking_red_hazardline), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_red_hazardline,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_red_hazardline

# %tile.floor_marking_red_singleline:* (tile.floor_marking_red_singleline), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_red_singleline,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_red_singleline

# %tile.floor_marking_danger_red:* (tile.floor_marking_danger_red), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_danger_red,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_danger_red

# %tile.floor_marking_redx:* (tile.floor_marking_redx), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_redx,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_redx

# %tile.floor_marking_orange_t_crossing:* (tile.floor_marking_orange_t_crossing), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_orange_t_crossing,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_orange_t_crossing

# %tile.floor_marking_orange_crossing:* (tile.floor_marking_orange_crossing), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_orange_crossing,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_orange_crossing

# %tile.floor_marking_orange_turn:* (tile.floor_marking_orange_turn), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_orange_turn,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_orange_turn

# %tile.floor_marking_orange_end:* (tile.floor_marking_orange_end), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_orange_end,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_orange_end

# %tile.floor_marking_orange_sideline:* (tile.floor_marking_orange_sideline), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_orange_sideline,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_orange_sideline

# %tile.floor_marking_orange_square:* (tile.floor_marking_orange_square), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_orange_square,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_orange_square

# %tile.floor_marking_orange_hazardline:* (tile.floor_marking_orange_hazardline), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_orange_hazardline,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_orange_hazardline

# %tile.floor_marking_orange_singleline:* (tile.floor_marking_orange_singleline), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_orange_singleline,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_orange_singleline

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_a:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_a), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_a,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_a

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_b:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_b), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_b,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_b

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_c:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_c), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_c,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_c

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_d:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_d), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_d,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_d

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_e:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_e), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_e,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_e

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_f:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_f), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_f,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_f

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_g:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_g), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_g,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_g

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_h:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_h), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_h,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_h

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_i:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_i), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_i,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_i

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_j:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_j), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_j,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_j

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_k:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_k), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_k,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_k

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_l:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_l), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_l,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_l

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_m:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_m), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_m,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_m

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_n:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_n), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_n,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_n

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_o:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_o), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_o,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_o

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_p:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_p), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_p,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_p

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_q:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_q), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_q,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_q

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_r:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_r), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_r,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_r

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_s:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_s), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_s,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_s

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_t:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_t), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_t,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_t

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_u:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_u), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_u,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_u

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_v:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_v), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_v,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_v

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_w:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_w), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_w,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_w

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_x:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_x), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_x,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_x

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_y:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_y), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_y,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_y

# %tile.floor_marking_letter_z:* (tile.floor_marking_letter_z), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingFloorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingFloor
block:id=%tile.floor_marking_letter_z,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_z

# %tile.wall_marking_exit:* (tile.wall_marking_exit), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_exit,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_exit
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_exit,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_exit
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_exit,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_exit

# %tile.wall_marking_unit:* (tile.wall_marking_unit), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_unit,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_unit
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_unit,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_unit
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_unit,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_unit

# %tile.wall_marking_first_aid:* (tile.wall_marking_first_aid), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_first_aid,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_first_aid
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_first_aid,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_first_aid
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_first_aid,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_first_aid

# %tile.wall_marking_fire_extinguisher:* (tile.wall_marking_fire_extinguisher), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_fire_extinguisher,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_fire_extinguisher
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_fire_extinguisher,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_fire_extinguisher
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_fire_extinguisher,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_fire_extinguisher

# %tile.wall_marking_number_0:* (tile.wall_marking_number_0), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_0,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_0
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_0,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_0
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_0,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_0

# %tile.wall_marking_number_1:* (tile.wall_marking_number_1), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_1,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_1
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_1
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_1,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_1

# %tile.wall_marking_number_2:* (tile.wall_marking_number_2), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_2,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_2
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_2,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_2
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_2,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_2

# %tile.wall_marking_number_3:* (tile.wall_marking_number_3), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_3,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_3
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_3,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_3
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_3,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_3

# %tile.wall_marking_number_4:* (tile.wall_marking_number_4), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_4,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_4
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_4,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_4
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_4,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_4

# %tile.wall_marking_number_5:* (tile.wall_marking_number_5), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_5,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_5
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_5,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_5
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_5

# %tile.wall_marking_number_6:* (tile.wall_marking_number_6), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_6,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_6
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_6,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_6
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_6,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_6

# %tile.wall_marking_number_7:* (tile.wall_marking_number_7), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_7,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_7
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_7,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_7
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_7,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_7

# %tile.wall_marking_number_8:* (tile.wall_marking_number_8), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_8,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_8
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_8,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_8
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_8,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_8

# %tile.wall_marking_number_9:* (tile.wall_marking_number_9), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_9,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_9
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_9,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_9
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_9,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_9

# %tile.wall_marking_number_no:* (tile.wall_marking_number_no), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_no,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_no
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_no,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_no
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_no,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_no

# %tile.wall_marking_number_numero:* (tile.wall_marking_number_numero), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_numero,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_numero
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_numero,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_numero
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_numero,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_numero

# %tile.wall_marking_number_dash:* (tile.wall_marking_number_dash), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_dash,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_dash
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_dash,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_dash
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_dash,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_dash

# %tile.wall_marking_number_comma:* (tile.wall_marking_number_comma), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_comma,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_comma
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_comma,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_comma
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_comma,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_comma

# %tile.wall_marking_number_period:* (tile.wall_marking_number_period), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_period,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_period
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_period,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_period
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_number_period,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_number_period

# %tile.wall_marking_symbol_chemical:* (tile.wall_marking_symbol_chemical), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_chemical,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_chemical
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_chemical,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_chemical
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_chemical,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_chemical

# %tile.wall_marking_symbol_electric:* (tile.wall_marking_symbol_electric), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_electric,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_electric
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_electric,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_electric
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_electric,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_electric

# %tile.wall_marking_symbol_fire:* (tile.wall_marking_symbol_fire), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_fire,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_fire
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_fire,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_fire
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_fire,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_fire

# %tile.wall_marking_symbol_fluid:* (tile.wall_marking_symbol_fluid), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_fluid,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_fluid
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_fluid,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_fluid
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_fluid,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_fluid

# %tile.wall_marking_symbol_frost:* (tile.wall_marking_symbol_frost), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_frost,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_frost
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_frost,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_frost
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_frost,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_frost

# %tile.wall_marking_symbol_gears:* (tile.wall_marking_symbol_gears), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_gears,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_gears
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_gears,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_gears
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_gears,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_gears

# %tile.wall_marking_symbol_laser:* (tile.wall_marking_symbol_laser), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_laser,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_laser
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_laser,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_laser
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_laser,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_laser

# %tile.wall_marking_symbol_magic:* (tile.wall_marking_symbol_magic), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_magic,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_magic
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_magic,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_magic
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_magic,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_magic

# %tile.wall_marking_symbol_mob:* (tile.wall_marking_symbol_mob), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_mob,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_mob
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_mob,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_mob
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_mob,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_mob

# %tile.wall_marking_symbol_pinch:* (tile.wall_marking_symbol_pinch), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_pinch,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_pinch
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_pinch,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_pinch
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_pinch,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_pinch

# %tile.wall_marking_symbol_production:* (tile.wall_marking_symbol_production), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_production,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_production
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_production,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_production
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_production,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_production

# %tile.wall_marking_symbol_radiation:* (tile.wall_marking_symbol_radiation), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_radiation,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_radiation
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_radiation,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_radiation
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_radiation,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_radiation

# %tile.wall_marking_symbol_radiation_2:* (tile.wall_marking_symbol_radiation_2), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_radiation_2,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_radiation_2
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_radiation_2,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_radiation_2
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_radiation_2,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_radiation_2

# %tile.wall_marking_symbol_storage:* (tile.wall_marking_symbol_storage), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_storage,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_storage
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_storage,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_storage
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_symbol_storage,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_symbol_storage

# %tile.wall_marking_warning_danger:* (tile.wall_marking_warning_danger), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_warning_danger,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_warning_danger
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_warning_danger,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_warning_danger
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_warning_danger,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_warning_danger

# %tile.wall_marking_arrowleft:* (tile.wall_marking_arrowleft), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_arrowleft,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_arrowleft
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_arrowleft,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_arrowleft
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_arrowleft,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_arrowleft

# %tile.wall_marking_arrowright:* (tile.wall_marking_arrowright), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_arrowright,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_arrowright
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_arrowright,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_arrowright
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_arrowright,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_arrowright

# %tile.wall_marking_hazardline_left:* (tile.wall_marking_hazardline_left), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_hazardline_left,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_hazardline_left
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_hazardline_left,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_hazardline_left
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_hazardline_left,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_hazardline_left

# %tile.wall_marking_hazardline_right:* (tile.wall_marking_hazardline_right), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_hazardline_right,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_hazardline_right
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_hazardline_right,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_hazardline_right
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_hazardline_right,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_hazardline_right

# %tile.wall_marking_hazard_diamond:* (tile.wall_marking_hazard_diamond), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_hazard_diamond,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_hazard_diamond
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_hazard_diamond,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_hazard_diamond
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_hazard_diamond,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_hazard_diamond

# %tile.wall_marking_voltage_eu:* (tile.wall_marking_voltage_eu), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_eu,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_eu
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_eu,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_eu
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_eu,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_eu

# %tile.wall_marking_voltage_ev:* (tile.wall_marking_voltage_ev), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_ev,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_ev
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_ev,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_ev
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_ev,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_ev

# %tile.wall_marking_voltage_fe:* (tile.wall_marking_voltage_fe), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_fe,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_fe
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_fe,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_fe
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_fe,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_fe

# %tile.wall_marking_voltage_hv:* (tile.wall_marking_voltage_hv), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_hv,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_hv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_hv,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_hv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_hv,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_hv

# %tile.wall_marking_voltage_iv:* (tile.wall_marking_voltage_iv), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_iv,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_iv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_iv,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_iv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_iv,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_iv

# %tile.wall_marking_voltage_luv:* (tile.wall_marking_voltage_luv), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_luv,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_luv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_luv,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_luv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_luv,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_luv

# %tile.wall_marking_voltage_lv:* (tile.wall_marking_voltage_lv), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_lv,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_lv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_lv,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_lv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_lv,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_lv

# %tile.wall_marking_voltage_max:* (tile.wall_marking_voltage_max), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_max,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_max
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_max,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_max
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_max,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_max

# %tile.wall_marking_voltage_mv:* (tile.wall_marking_voltage_mv), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_mv,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_mv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_mv,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_mv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_mv,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_mv

# %tile.wall_marking_voltage_pert:* (tile.wall_marking_voltage_pert), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_pert,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_pert
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_pert,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_pert
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_pert,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_pert

# %tile.wall_marking_voltage_rf:* (tile.wall_marking_voltage_rf), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_rf,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_rf
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_rf,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_rf
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_rf,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_rf

# %tile.wall_marking_voltage_uev:* (tile.wall_marking_voltage_uev), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_uev,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uev
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_uev,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uev
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_uev,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uev

# %tile.wall_marking_voltage_uhv:* (tile.wall_marking_voltage_uhv), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_uhv,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uhv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_uhv,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uhv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_uhv,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uhv

# %tile.wall_marking_voltage_uiv:* (tile.wall_marking_voltage_uiv), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_uiv,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uiv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_uiv,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uiv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_uiv,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uiv

# %tile.wall_marking_voltage_umv:* (tile.wall_marking_voltage_umv), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_umv,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_umv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_umv,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_umv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_umv,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_umv

# %tile.wall_marking_voltage_uv:* (tile.wall_marking_voltage_uv), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_uv,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_uv,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_uv,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uv

# %tile.wall_marking_voltage_uxv:* (tile.wall_marking_voltage_uxv), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_uxv,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uxv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_uxv,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uxv
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_uxv,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_uxv

# %tile.wall_marking_voltage_zpm:* (tile.wall_marking_voltage_zpm), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_zpm,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_zpm
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_zpm,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_zpm
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_voltage_zpm,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_wall_voltage_zpm

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_a:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_a), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_a,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_a
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_a,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_a
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_a,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_a

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_b:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_b), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_b,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_b
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_b,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_b
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_b,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_b

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_c:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_c), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_c,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_c
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_c,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_c
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_c,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_c

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_d:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_d), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_d,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_d
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_d,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_d
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_d,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_d

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_e:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_e), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_e,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_e
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_e,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_e
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_e,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_e

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_f:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_f), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_f,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_f
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_f,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_f
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_f,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_f

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_g:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_g), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_g,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_g
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_g,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_g
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_g,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_g

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_h:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_h), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_h,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_h
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_h,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_h
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_h,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_h

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_i:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_i), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_i,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_i
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_i,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_i
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_i,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_i

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_j:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_j), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_j,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_j
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_j,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_j
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_j,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_j

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_k:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_k), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_k,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_k
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_k,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_k
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_k,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_k

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_l:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_l), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_l,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_l
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_l,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_l
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_l,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_l

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_m:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_m), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_m,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_m
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_m,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_m
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_m,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_m

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_n:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_n), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_n,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_n
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_n,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_n
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_n,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_n

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_o:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_o), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_o,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_o
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_o,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_o
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_o,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_o

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_p:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_p), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_p,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_p
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_p,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_p
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_p,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_p

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_q:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_q), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_q,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_q
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_q,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_q
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_q,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_q

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_r:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_r), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_r,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_r
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_r,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_r
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_r,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_r

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_s:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_s), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_s,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_s
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_s,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_s
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_s,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_s

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_t:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_t), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_t,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_t
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_t,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_t
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_t,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_t

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_u:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_u), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_u,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_u
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_u,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_u
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_u,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_u

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_v:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_v), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_v,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_v
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_v,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_v
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_v,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_v

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_w:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_w), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_w,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_w
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_w,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_w
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_w,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_w

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_x:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_x), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_x,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_x
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_x,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_x
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_x,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_x

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_y:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_y), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_y,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_y
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_y,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_y
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_y,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_y

# %tile.wall_marking_letter_z:* (tile.wall_marking_letter_z), render=modernmarkings.renderer.MarkingWallRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=modernmarkings.blocks.MarkingWall
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_z,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_z
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_z,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_z
block:id=%tile.wall_marking_letter_z,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:modernmarkings/marking_letter_z
