# thaumicbases 1.5.0
version:1.7
modname:thaumicbases



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/
texture:id=minecraft/MISSING_ICON_BLOCK_2215_nodeManipulator,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/MISSING_ICON_BLOCK_2215_nodeManipulator.png
texture:id=minecraft/MISSING_ICON_BLOCK_2216_nodeLinker,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/MISSING_ICON_BLOCK_2216_nodeLinker.png
texture:id=minecraft/cobblestone,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/cobblestone.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/arcaneearbottom.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/lifterside,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/lifterside.png
texture:id=thaumcraft/liftertop,filename=assets/thaumcraft/textures/blocks/liftertop.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/aspectshroom/stage_0,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/aspectshroom/stage_0.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/aspectshroom/stage_1,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/aspectshroom/stage_1.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/aspectshroom/stage_2,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/aspectshroom/stage_2.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/aspectshroom/stage_3,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/aspectshroom/stage_3.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/aurelia/closed,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/aurelia/closed.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/aurelia/open,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/aurelia/open.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/aurelia/petal,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/aurelia/petal.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/blazingFluid/block,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/blazingFluid/block.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/blazingFluid/leftovers,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/blazingFluid/leftovers.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/briar/stage_0_bot,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/briar/stage_0_bot.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/briar/stage_0_top,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/briar/stage_0_top.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/briar/stage_1_bot,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/briar/stage_1_bot.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/briar/stage_1_top,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/briar/stage_1_top.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/briar/stage_2_bot,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/briar/stage_2_bot.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/briar/stage_2_top,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/briar/stage_2_top.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/briar/stage_3_bot,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/briar/stage_3_bot.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/briar/stage_3_top,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/briar/stage_3_top.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/briar/stage_4_bot,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/briar/stage_4_bot.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/briar/stage_4_top,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/briar/stage_4_top.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/briar/stage_5_bot,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/briar/stage_5_bot.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/briar/stage_5_top,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/briar/stage_5_top.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/briar/stage_6_bot,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/briar/stage_6_bot.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/briar/stage_6_top,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/briar/stage_6_top.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/briar/stage_7_bot,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/briar/stage_7_bot.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/briar/stage_7_top,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/briar/stage_7_top.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/brick,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/brick.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/campfire,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/campfire.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/cobblestone,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/cobblestone.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/cobblestone_mossy,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/cobblestone_mossy.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/cryingObelisk/cryingObsidian,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/cryingObelisk/cryingObsidian.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/crystal/air,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/crystal/air.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/crystal/earth,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/crystal/earth.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/crystal/entropy,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/crystal/entropy.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/crystal/fire,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/crystal/fire.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/crystal/mixed,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/crystal/mixed.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/crystal/order,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/crystal/order.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/crystal/tainted,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/crystal/tainted.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/crystal/water,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/crystal/water.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/diamond_block,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/diamond_block.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/diamond_block_side,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/diamond_block_side.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/dust_block,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/dust_block.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/eldritchArk,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/eldritchArk.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/enderTree/leaves,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/enderTree/leaves.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/enderTree/log,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/enderTree/log.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/enderTree/log_top,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/enderTree/log_top.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/enderTree/planks,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/enderTree/planks.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/enderTree/sapling,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/enderTree/sapling.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/entityDeconstructor/block,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/entityDeconstructor/block.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/flaxium,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/flaxium.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/glieonia/stage_0,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/glieonia/stage_0.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/glieonia/stage_1,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/glieonia/stage_1.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/glieonia/stage_2,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/glieonia/stage_2.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/glieonia/stage_3,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/glieonia/stage_3.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/gold_block,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/gold_block.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/gold_block_side,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/gold_block_side.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/goldenOak/leaves,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/goldenOak/leaves.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/goldenOak/sapling,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/goldenOak/sapling.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/gravel,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/gravel.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/ironGreatwood,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/ironGreatwood.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/iron_block,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/iron_block.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/iron_block_side,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/iron_block_side.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/knoze/stage_0,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/knoze/stage_0.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/knoze/stage_1,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/knoze/stage_1.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/knoze/stage_2,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/knoze/stage_2.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/knoze/stage_3,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/knoze/stage_3.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/lapis_block,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/lapis_block.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/lazullia/stage_0,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/lazullia/stage_0.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/lazullia/stage_1,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/lazullia/stage_1.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/lazullia/stage_2,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/lazullia/stage_2.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/lazullia/stage_3,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/lazullia/stage_3.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/lazullia/stage_4,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/lazullia/stage_4.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/lazullia/stage_5,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/lazullia/stage_5.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/lazullia/stage_6,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/lazullia/stage_6.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/lazullia/stage_7,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/lazullia/stage_7.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/lucrite/stage_0,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/lucrite/stage_0.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/lucrite/stage_1,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/lucrite/stage_1.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/lucrite/stage_2,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/lucrite/stage_2.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/lucrite/stage_3,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/lucrite/stage_3.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/lucrite/stage_4,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/lucrite/stage_4.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/lucrite/stage_5,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/lucrite/stage_5.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/lucrite/stage_6,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/lucrite/stage_6.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/lucrite/stage_7,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/lucrite/stage_7.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/metalleat/stage_0,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/metalleat/stage_0.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/metalleat/stage_1,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/metalleat/stage_1.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/metalleat/stage_2,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/metalleat/stage_2.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/metalleat/stage_3,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/metalleat/stage_3.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/metalleat/stage_4,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/metalleat/stage_4.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/metalleat/stage_5,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/metalleat/stage_5.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/metalleat/stage_6,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/metalleat/stage_6.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/metalleat/stage_7,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/metalleat/stage_7.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/netherTree/leaves,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/netherTree/leaves.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/netherTree/log,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/netherTree/log.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/netherTree/log_top,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/netherTree/log_top.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/netherTree/sapling,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/netherTree/sapling.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/overchanter/bottom,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/overchanter/bottom.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/overchanter/side,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/overchanter/side.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/overchanter/top,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/overchanter/top.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/peacefullTree/leaves,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/peacefullTree/leaves.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/peacefullTree/log.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log_top,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/peacefullTree/log_top.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/peacefullTree/sapling,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/peacefullTree/sapling.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/plax/stage_0,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/plax/stage_0.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/plax/stage_1,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/plax/stage_1.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/plax/stage_2,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/plax/stage_2.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/plax/stage_3,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/plax/stage_3.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/plax/stage_4,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/plax/stage_4.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/plax/stage_5,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/plax/stage_5.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/plax/stage_6,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/plax/stage_6.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/plax/stage_7,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/plax/stage_7.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/quicksilverBlock,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/quicksilverBlock.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/quicksilverBrick,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/quicksilverBrick.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/rainbowCacti/bottom,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/rainbowCacti/bottom.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/rainbowCacti/side,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/rainbowCacti/side.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/rainbowCacti/top,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/rainbowCacti/top.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/redlon/redlon_disconnected,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/redlon/redlon_disconnected.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/relocator/rotatedside,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/relocator/rotatedside.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/spike/iron,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/spike/iron.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/spike/iron_bloody,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/spike/iron_bloody.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/spike/thaumic,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/spike/thaumic.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/spike/thaumic_bloody,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/spike/thaumic_bloody.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/spike/void,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/spike/void.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/spike/void_bloody,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/spike/void_bloody.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/sweed/stage_0,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/sweed/stage_0.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/sweed/stage_1,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/sweed/stage_1.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/sweed/stage_2,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/sweed/stage_2.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/sweed/stage_3,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/sweed/stage_3.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/tFurnace/front_off,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/tFurnace/front_off.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/tFurnace/side,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/tFurnace/side.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/tFurnace/top,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/tFurnace/top.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/thauminiteblock,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/thauminiteblock.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/thaumiumAnvil/base,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/thaumiumAnvil/base.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/tobacco/stage_0,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/tobacco/stage_0.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/tobacco/stage_1,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/tobacco/stage_1.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/tobacco/stage_2,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/tobacco/stage_2.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/tobacco/stage_3,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/tobacco/stage_3.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/tobacco/stage_4,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/tobacco/stage_4.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/tobacco/stage_5,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/tobacco/stage_5.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/tobacco/stage_6,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/tobacco/stage_6.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/tobacco/stage_7,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/tobacco/stage_7.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/voidAnvil/base,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/voidAnvil/base.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/voidPlant/stage_0,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/voidPlant/stage_0.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/voidPlant/stage_1,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/voidPlant/stage_1.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/voidPlant/stage_2,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/voidPlant/stage_2.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/voidPlant/stage_3,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/voidPlant/stage_3.png
texture:id=thaumicbases/voidblock,filename=assets/thaumicbases/textures/blocks/voidblock.png



# %quicksilverBlock:* (quicksilverBlock), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.TBBlock
block:id=%quicksilverBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/quicksilverBlock

# %quicksilverBrick:* (quicksilverBrick), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.TBBlock
block:id=%quicksilverBrick,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:thaumicbases/quicksilverBrick

# %crystalBlock:* (crystalBlock), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.BlockCrystalBlock
block:id=%crystalBlock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/air
block:id=%crystalBlock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/fire
block:id=%crystalBlock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/water
block:id=%crystalBlock,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/earth
block:id=%crystalBlock,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/order
block:id=%crystalBlock,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/entropy
block:id=%crystalBlock,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/mixed
block:id=%crystalBlock,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/tainted

# %blockSalisMundus:* (blockSalisMundus), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.TBBlock
block:id=%blockSalisMundus,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/dust_block

# %thauminiteBlock:* (thauminiteBlock), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.TBBlock
block:id=%thauminiteBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/thauminiteblock

# %voidBlock:* (voidBlock), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.BlockVoid
block:id=%voidBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/voidblock

# %pyrofluid:* (pyrofluid), render=(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockPyrofluid
block:id=%pyrofluid,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:thaumicbases/blazingFluid/block
block:id=%pyrofluid,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:thaumicbases/blazingFluid/leftovers

# %overchanter:* (overchanter), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockOverchanter
block:id=%overchanter,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:thaumicbases/overchanter/bottom,face1=0:thaumicbases/overchanter/top,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/overchanter/side

# %cryingObsidian:* (cryingObsidian), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.BlockCryingObelisk
block:id=%cryingObsidian,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/cryingObelisk/cryingObsidian

# %advAlchFurnace:* (advAlchFurnace), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.BlockAdvAlchemicalFurnace
block:id=%advAlchFurnace,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/tFurnace/top,face2=0:thaumicbases/tFurnace/side,face3=0:thaumicbases/tFurnace/front_off,face4-5=0:thaumicbases/tFurnace/side

# %relocator:* (relocator), render=tb.client.render.block.ThaumicRelocatorRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.BlockRelocator
block:id=%relocator,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:thaumcraft/liftertop,face1=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/lifterside
block:id=%relocator,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,face1=0:thaumcraft/liftertop,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/lifterside
block:id=%relocator,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumcraft/lifterside,face2=0:thaumcraft/liftertop,face3=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,face4-5=0:thaumicbases/relocator/rotatedside
block:id=%relocator,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumcraft/lifterside,face2=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,face3=0:thaumcraft/liftertop,face4-5=0:thaumicbases/relocator/rotatedside
block:id=%relocator,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:thaumicbases/relocator/rotatedside,face4=0:thaumcraft/liftertop,face5=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom
block:id=%relocator,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:thaumicbases/relocator/rotatedside,face4=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,face5=0:thaumcraft/liftertop
block:id=%relocator,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:thaumcraft/liftertop,face1=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/lifterside
block:id=%relocator,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,face1=0:thaumcraft/liftertop,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/lifterside
block:id=%relocator,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumcraft/lifterside,face2=0:thaumcraft/liftertop,face3=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,face4-5=0:thaumicbases/relocator/rotatedside
block:id=%relocator,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumcraft/lifterside,face2=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,face3=0:thaumcraft/liftertop,face4-5=0:thaumicbases/relocator/rotatedside
block:id=%relocator,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:thaumicbases/relocator/rotatedside,face4=0:thaumcraft/liftertop,face5=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom
block:id=%relocator,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:thaumicbases/relocator/rotatedside,face4=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,face5=0:thaumcraft/liftertop
block:id=%relocator,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:thaumcraft/liftertop,face1=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/lifterside
block:id=%relocator,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,face1=0:thaumcraft/liftertop,face2-5=0:thaumcraft/lifterside
block:id=%relocator,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumcraft/lifterside,face2=0:thaumcraft/liftertop,face3=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,face4-5=0:thaumicbases/relocator/rotatedside
block:id=%relocator,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumcraft/lifterside,face2=0:thaumcraft/arcaneearbottom,face3=0:thaumcraft/liftertop,face4-5=0:thaumicbases/relocator/rotatedside

# %thaumicAnvil:* (thaumicAnvil), render=(ANVIL), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockThaumicAnvil
block:id=%thaumicAnvil,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/thaumiumAnvil/base

# %voidAnvil:* (voidAnvil), render=(ANVIL), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockVoidAnvil
block:id=%voidAnvil,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/voidAnvil/base

# %campfire:* (campfire), render=tb.client.render.block.CampfireRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockCampfire
block:id=%campfire,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/campfire

# %brazier:* (brazier), render=tb.client.render.block.BrazierRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockBrazier
block:id=%brazier,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/cobblestone

# %eldritchArk:* (eldritchArk), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.TBBlockDeco
block:id=%eldritchArk,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/eldritchArk

# %ironGreatwood:* (ironGreatwood), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.TBBlockDeco
block:id=%ironGreatwood,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/ironGreatwood

# %oldBrick:* (oldBrick), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.TBBlockDeco
block:id=%oldBrick,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/brick

# %oldLapis:* (oldLapis), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.TBBlockDeco
block:id=%oldLapis,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/lapis_block

# %oldIron:* (oldIron), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.TBSidedBlock
block:id=%oldIron,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/iron_block,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/iron_block_side

# %oldGold:* (oldGold), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.TBSidedBlock
block:id=%oldGold,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/gold_block,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/gold_block_side

# %oldDiamond:* (oldDiamond), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.TBSidedBlock
block:id=%oldDiamond,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/diamond_block,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/diamond_block_side

# %oldCobble:* (oldCobble), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.TBBlockDeco
block:id=%oldCobble,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/cobblestone

# %oldCobbleMossy:* (oldCobbleMossy), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.TBBlockDeco
block:id=%oldCobbleMossy,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/cobblestone_mossy

# %oldGravel:* (oldGravel), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=net.minecraft.block.BlockFalling
block:id=%oldGravel,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/gravel

# %genericSlab:* (genericSlab), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockHalfSlab
block:id=%genericSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/eldritchArk
block:id=%genericSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/brick
block:id=%genericSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/cobblestone
block:id=%genericSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/cobblestone_mossy
block:id=%genericSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/diamond_block,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/diamond_block_side
block:id=%genericSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/gold_block,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/gold_block_side
block:id=%genericSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/iron_block,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/iron_block_side
block:id=%genericSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/lapis_block
block:id=%genericSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/eldritchArk
block:id=%genericSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/brick
block:id=%genericSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/cobblestone
block:id=%genericSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/cobblestone_mossy
block:id=%genericSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/diamond_block,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/diamond_block_side
block:id=%genericSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/gold_block,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/gold_block_side
block:id=%genericSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/iron_block,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/iron_block_side
block:id=%genericSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/lapis_block

# %genericSlab_full:* (genericSlab_full), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.BlockHalfSlab
block:id=%genericSlab_full,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/eldritchArk
block:id=%genericSlab_full,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/brick
block:id=%genericSlab_full,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/cobblestone
block:id=%genericSlab_full,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/cobblestone_mossy
block:id=%genericSlab_full,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/diamond_block,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/diamond_block_side
block:id=%genericSlab_full,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/gold_block,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/gold_block_side
block:id=%genericSlab_full,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/iron_block,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/iron_block_side
block:id=%genericSlab_full,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/lapis_block
block:id=%genericSlab_full,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/eldritchArk
block:id=%genericSlab_full,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/brick
block:id=%genericSlab_full,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/cobblestone
block:id=%genericSlab_full,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/cobblestone_mossy
block:id=%genericSlab_full,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/diamond_block,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/diamond_block_side
block:id=%genericSlab_full,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/gold_block,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/gold_block_side
block:id=%genericSlab_full,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/iron_block,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/iron_block_side
block:id=%genericSlab_full,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/lapis_block

# %crystalSlab:* (crystalSlab), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockCrystalSlab
block:id=%crystalSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/air
block:id=%crystalSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/fire
block:id=%crystalSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/water
block:id=%crystalSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/earth
block:id=%crystalSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/order
block:id=%crystalSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/entropy
block:id=%crystalSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/mixed
block:id=%crystalSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/tainted
block:id=%crystalSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/air
block:id=%crystalSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/fire
block:id=%crystalSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/water
block:id=%crystalSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/earth
block:id=%crystalSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/order
block:id=%crystalSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/entropy
block:id=%crystalSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/mixed
block:id=%crystalSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/tainted

# %crystalSlab_full:* (crystalSlab_full), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.BlockCrystalSlab
block:id=%crystalSlab_full,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/air
block:id=%crystalSlab_full,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/fire
block:id=%crystalSlab_full,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/water
block:id=%crystalSlab_full,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/earth
block:id=%crystalSlab_full,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/order
block:id=%crystalSlab_full,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/entropy
block:id=%crystalSlab_full,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/mixed
block:id=%crystalSlab_full,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/tainted
block:id=%crystalSlab_full,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/air
block:id=%crystalSlab_full,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/fire
block:id=%crystalSlab_full,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/water
block:id=%crystalSlab_full,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/earth
block:id=%crystalSlab_full,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/order
block:id=%crystalSlab_full,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/entropy
block:id=%crystalSlab_full,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/mixed
block:id=%crystalSlab_full,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/crystal/tainted

# %tobacco:* (tobacco), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockTBPlant
block:id=%tobacco,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/tobacco/stage_0
block:id=%tobacco,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/tobacco/stage_1
block:id=%tobacco,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/tobacco/stage_2
block:id=%tobacco,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/tobacco/stage_3
block:id=%tobacco,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/tobacco/stage_4
block:id=%tobacco,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/tobacco/stage_5
block:id=%tobacco,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/tobacco/stage_6
block:id=%tobacco,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/tobacco/stage_7

# %spike:* (spike), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockSpike
block:id=%spike,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/spike/iron
block:id=%spike,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/spike/iron_bloody
block:id=%spike,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/spike/thaumic
block:id=%spike,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/spike/thaumic_bloody
block:id=%spike,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/spike/void
block:id=%spike,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/spike/void_bloody

# %plax:* (plax), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockTBPlant
block:id=%plax,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/plax/stage_0
block:id=%plax,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/plax/stage_1
block:id=%plax,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/plax/stage_2
block:id=%plax,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/plax/stage_3
block:id=%plax,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/plax/stage_4
block:id=%plax,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/plax/stage_5
block:id=%plax,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/plax/stage_6
block:id=%plax,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/plax/stage_7

# %aureliaPetal:* (aureliaPetal), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockAureliaLeaf
block:id=%aureliaPetal,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/aurelia/petal

# %aurelia:* (aurelia), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockAureliaPlant
block:id=%aurelia,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/aurelia/closed
block:id=%aurelia,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/aurelia/open

# %metalleat:* (metalleat), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockTBPlant
block:id=%metalleat,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/metalleat/stage_0
block:id=%metalleat,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/metalleat/stage_1
block:id=%metalleat,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/metalleat/stage_2
block:id=%metalleat,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/metalleat/stage_3
block:id=%metalleat,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/metalleat/stage_4
block:id=%metalleat,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/metalleat/stage_5
block:id=%metalleat,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/metalleat/stage_6
block:id=%metalleat,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/metalleat/stage_7

# %lucrite:* (lucrite), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockLucritePlant
block:id=%lucrite,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/lucrite/stage_0
block:id=%lucrite,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/lucrite/stage_1
block:id=%lucrite,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/lucrite/stage_2
block:id=%lucrite,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/lucrite/stage_3
block:id=%lucrite,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/lucrite/stage_4
block:id=%lucrite,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/lucrite/stage_5
block:id=%lucrite,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/lucrite/stage_6
block:id=%lucrite,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/lucrite/stage_7

# %knose:* (knose), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockKnose
block:id=%knose,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/knoze/stage_0
block:id=%knose,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/knoze/stage_1
block:id=%knose,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/knoze/stage_2
block:id=%knose,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/knoze/stage_3

# %sweed:* (sweed), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockSweed
block:id=%sweed,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/sweed/stage_0
block:id=%sweed,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/sweed/stage_1
block:id=%sweed,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/sweed/stage_2
block:id=%sweed,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/sweed/stage_3

# %lazullia:* (lazullia), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockTBPlant
block:id=%lazullia,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/lazullia/stage_0
block:id=%lazullia,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/lazullia/stage_1
block:id=%lazullia,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/lazullia/stage_2
block:id=%lazullia,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/lazullia/stage_3
block:id=%lazullia,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/lazullia/stage_4
block:id=%lazullia,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/lazullia/stage_5
block:id=%lazullia,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/lazullia/stage_6
block:id=%lazullia,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/lazullia/stage_7

# %rainbowCactus:* (rainbowCactus), render=(CACTUS), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockRainbowCactus
block:id=%rainbowCactus,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,patch0-3=0:thaumicbases/rainbowCacti/side,patch4=0:thaumicbases/rainbowCacti/top,patch5=0:thaumicbases/rainbowCacti/bottom

# %redlonStem:* (redlonStem), render=(STEM), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockRedlonStem
block:id=%redlonStem,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/redlon/redlon_disconnected

# %ashroom:* (ashroom), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockAshroom
block:id=%ashroom,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/aspectshroom/stage_0
block:id=%ashroom,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/aspectshroom/stage_1
block:id=%ashroom,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/aspectshroom/stage_2
block:id=%ashroom,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/aspectshroom/stage_3

# %flaxium:* (flaxium), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockFlaxium
block:id=%flaxium,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/flaxium

# %glieonia:* (glieonia), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockTBPlant
block:id=%glieonia,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/glieonia/stage_0
block:id=%glieonia,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/glieonia/stage_1
block:id=%glieonia,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/glieonia/stage_2
block:id=%glieonia,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/glieonia/stage_3

# %briar:* (briar), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockBriar
block:id=%briar,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/briar/stage_0_bot
block:id=%briar,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/briar/stage_1_bot
block:id=%briar,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/briar/stage_2_bot
block:id=%briar,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/briar/stage_3_bot
block:id=%briar,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/briar/stage_4_bot
block:id=%briar,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/briar/stage_5_bot
block:id=%briar,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/briar/stage_6_bot
block:id=%briar,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/briar/stage_7_bot
block:id=%briar,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/briar/stage_0_top
block:id=%briar,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/briar/stage_1_top
block:id=%briar,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/briar/stage_2_top
block:id=%briar,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/briar/stage_3_top
block:id=%briar,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/briar/stage_4_top
block:id=%briar,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/briar/stage_5_top
block:id=%briar,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/briar/stage_6_top
block:id=%briar,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/briar/stage_7_top

# %voidPlant:* (voidPlant), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockTBPlant
block:id=%voidPlant,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/voidPlant/stage_0
block:id=%voidPlant,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/voidPlant/stage_1
block:id=%voidPlant,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/voidPlant/stage_2
block:id=%voidPlant,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/voidPlant/stage_3

# %goldenOakSapling:* (goldenOakSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockTBSapling
block:id=%goldenOakSapling,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/goldenOak/sapling
block:id=%goldenOakSapling,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/sapling
block:id=%goldenOakSapling,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/netherTree/sapling
block:id=%goldenOakSapling,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/enderTree/sapling
block:id=%goldenOakSapling,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/goldenOak/sapling
block:id=%goldenOakSapling,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/sapling
block:id=%goldenOakSapling,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/netherTree/sapling
block:id=%goldenOakSapling,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:thaumicbases/enderTree/sapling

# %genLeaves:* (genLeaves), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockTBLeaves
block:id=%genLeaves,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/goldenOak/leaves
block:id=%genLeaves,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/leaves
block:id=%genLeaves,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/netherTree/leaves
block:id=%genLeaves,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/enderTree/leaves
block:id=%genLeaves,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/goldenOak/leaves
block:id=%genLeaves,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/leaves
block:id=%genLeaves,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/netherTree/leaves
block:id=%genLeaves,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/enderTree/leaves

# %genLogs:* (genLogs), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.BlockTBLog
block:id=%genLogs,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log_top,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log
block:id=%genLogs,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/netherTree/log_top,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/netherTree/log
block:id=%genLogs,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/enderTree/log_top,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/enderTree/log
block:id=%genLogs,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log_top,face2-5=0:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log
block:id=%genLogs,data=4,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log,face2-3=4000:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log,face4-5=0:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log_top
block:id=%genLogs,data=5,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/netherTree/log,face2-3=4000:thaumicbases/netherTree/log,face4-5=0:thaumicbases/netherTree/log_top
block:id=%genLogs,data=6,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/enderTree/log,face2-3=4000:thaumicbases/enderTree/log,face4-5=0:thaumicbases/enderTree/log_top
block:id=%genLogs,data=7,face0-1=0:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log,face2-3=4000:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log,face4-5=0:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log_top
block:id=%genLogs,data=8,face0-1=4000:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log,face2-3=0:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log_top,face4-5=4000:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log
block:id=%genLogs,data=9,face0-1=4000:thaumicbases/netherTree/log,face2-3=0:thaumicbases/netherTree/log_top,face4-5=4000:thaumicbases/netherTree/log
block:id=%genLogs,data=10,face0-1=4000:thaumicbases/enderTree/log,face2-3=0:thaumicbases/enderTree/log_top,face4-5=4000:thaumicbases/enderTree/log
block:id=%genLogs,data=11,face0-1=4000:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log,face2-3=0:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log_top,face4-5=4000:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log
block:id=%genLogs,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log
block:id=%genLogs,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/netherTree/log
block:id=%genLogs,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/enderTree/log
block:id=%genLogs,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/peacefullTree/log

# %enderPlanks:* (enderPlanks), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=tb.common.block.TBBlockDeco
block:id=%enderPlanks,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/enderTree/planks

# %nodeManipulator:* (nodeManipulator), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockNodeManipulator
block:id=%nodeManipulator,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/MISSING_ICON_BLOCK_2215_nodeManipulator

# %nodeLinker:* (nodeLinker), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockNodeLinker
block:id=%nodeLinker,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/MISSING_ICON_BLOCK_2216_nodeLinker

# %entityDeconstructor:* (entityDeconstructor), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=tb.common.block.BlockEntityDeconstructor
block:id=%entityDeconstructor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:thaumicbases/entityDeconstructor/block
