# appliedenergistics2 rv3-beta-173-GTNH
version:1.7
modname:appliedenergistics2



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCellWorkbench,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCellWorkbench.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCellWorkbenchBottom,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCellWorkbenchBottom.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCellWorkbenchSide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCellWorkbenchSide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCharger,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCharger.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockChargerSide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockChargerSide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockChest,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockChest.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockChestBottom,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockChestBottom.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockChestFront,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockChestFront.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockChestSide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockChestSide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCondenser,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCondenser.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockController,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockController.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingAccelerator.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator1024x,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingAccelerator1024x.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator1024xFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingAccelerator1024xFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator16x,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingAccelerator16x.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator16xFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingAccelerator16xFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator256x,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingAccelerator256x.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator256xFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingAccelerator256xFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator4096x,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingAccelerator4096x.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator4096xFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingAccelerator4096xFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator4x,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingAccelerator4x.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator4xFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingAccelerator4xFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator64x,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingAccelerator64x.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator64xFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingAccelerator64xFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAcceleratorFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingAcceleratorFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitor,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingMonitor.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitorFit_Light,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingMonitorFit_Light.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage1024k,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage1024k.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage1024kFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage1024kFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage16384k,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage16384k.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage16384kFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage16384kFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage16k,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage16k.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage16kFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage16kFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage256k,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage256k.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage256kFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage256kFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage4096k,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage4096k.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage4096kFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage4096kFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage4k,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage4k.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage4kFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage4kFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage64k,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage64k.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage64kFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorage64kFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorageFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingStorageFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingUnit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnitFit,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCraftingUnitFit.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockCreativeEnergyCell,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockCreativeEnergyCell.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDenseEnergyCell.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell0,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDenseEnergyCell0.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell1,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDenseEnergyCell1.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell2,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDenseEnergyCell2.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell3,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDenseEnergyCell3.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell4,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDenseEnergyCell4.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell5,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDenseEnergyCell5.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell6,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDenseEnergyCell6.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell7,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDenseEnergyCell7.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDrive,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDrive.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDriveBottom,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDriveBottom.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDriveFront,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDriveFront.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockDriveSide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockDriveSide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyAcceptor,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyAcceptor.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyCell.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell0,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyCell0.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell1,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyCell1.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell2,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyCell2.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell3,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyCell3.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell4,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyCell4.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell5,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyCell5.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell6,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyCell6.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell7,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockEnergyCell7.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockFluix,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockFluix.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockIOPort,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockIOPort.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockIOPortBottom,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockIOPortBottom.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockIOPortSide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockIOPortSide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockInscriber,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockInscriber.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockInterface,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockInterface.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockLightDetector,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockLightDetector.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockMolecularAssembler,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockMolecularAssembler.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockPaint,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockPaint.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuantumLinkChamber,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuantumLinkChamber.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuantumRing,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuantumRing.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartz,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartz.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzChiseled,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzChiseled.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzChiseledSide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzChiseledSide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzGlass,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzGlass.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzGlassB,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzGlassB.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzGrowthAcceleratorSide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzGrowthAcceleratorSide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzLamp,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzLamp.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzPillar,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzPillar.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzPillarSide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzPillarSide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzTorch,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockQuartzTorch.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSecurity,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSecurity.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSecurityBottom,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSecurityBottom.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSecuritySide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSecuritySide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSkyStone.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.Block,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSkyStone.Block.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.Brick,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSkyStone.Brick.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.SmallBrick,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSkyStone.SmallBrick.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSpatialIOPort,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSpatialIOPort.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSpatialIOPortBottom,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSpatialIOPortBottom.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSpatialIOPortSide,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSpatialIOPortSide.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockSpatialPylon,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockSpatialPylon.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockVibrationChamber,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockVibrationChamber.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockVibrationChamberFront,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockVibrationChamberFront.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/BlockWireless,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/BlockWireless.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/OreQuartz,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/OreQuartz.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/OreQuartzCharged,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/OreQuartzCharged.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/PartMonitorBack,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/PartMonitorBack.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/PartMonitorSides,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/PartMonitorSides.png
texture:id=appliedenergistics2/PartTerminal_Bright,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/PartTerminal_Bright.png


texture:id=cable00,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECable_White.png
texture:id=cable01,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECable_Orange.png
texture:id=cable02,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECable_Magenta.png
texture:id=cable03,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECable_LightBlue.png
texture:id=cable04,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECable_Yellow.png
texture:id=cable05,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECable_Lime.png
texture:id=cable06,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECable_Pink.png
texture:id=cable07,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECable_Grey.png
texture:id=cable08,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECable_LightGrey.png
texture:id=cable09,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECable_Cyan.png
texture:id=cable10,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECable_Purple.png
texture:id=cable11,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECable_Blue.png
texture:id=cable12,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECable_Brown.png
texture:id=cable13,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECable_Green.png
texture:id=cable14,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECable_Red.png
texture:id=cable15,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECable_Black.png
texture:id=cable16,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/ItemPart.CableGlass.png

texture:id=cable20,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECovered_White.png
texture:id=cable21,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECovered_Orange.png
texture:id=cable22,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECovered_Magenta.png
texture:id=cable23,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECovered_LightBlue.png
texture:id=cable24,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECovered_Yellow.png
texture:id=cable25,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECovered_Lime.png
texture:id=cable26,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECovered_Pink.png
texture:id=cable27,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECovered_Gray.png
texture:id=cable28,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECovered_LightGrey.png
texture:id=cable29,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECovered_Cyan.png
texture:id=cable30,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECovered_Purple.png
texture:id=cable31,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECovered_Blue.png
texture:id=cable32,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECovered_Brown.png
texture:id=cable33,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECovered_Green.png
texture:id=cable34,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECovered_Red.png
texture:id=cable35,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MECovered_Black.png
texture:id=cable36,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/ItemPart.CableCovered.png

texture:id=cable40,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MESmart_White.png
texture:id=cable41,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MESmart_Orange.png
texture:id=cable42,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MESmart_Magenta.png
texture:id=cable43,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MESmart_LightBlue.png
texture:id=cable44,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MESmart_Yellow.png
texture:id=cable45,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MESmart_Lime.png
texture:id=cable46,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MESmart_Pink.png
texture:id=cable47,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MESmart_Gray.png
texture:id=cable48,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MESmart_LightGrey.png
texture:id=cable49,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MESmart_Cyan.png
texture:id=cable50,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MESmart_Purple.png
texture:id=cable51,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MESmart_Blue.png
texture:id=cable52,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MESmart_Brown.png
texture:id=cable53,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MESmart_Green.png
texture:id=cable54,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MESmart_Red.png
texture:id=cable55,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MESmart_Black.png
texture:id=cable56,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/ItemPart.CableSmart.png

texture:id=cable60,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEDenseCovered_White.png
texture:id=cable61,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEDenseCovered_Orange.png
texture:id=cable62,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEDenseCovered_Magenta.png
texture:id=cable63,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEDenseCovered_LightBlue.png
texture:id=cable64,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEDenseCovered_Yellow.png
texture:id=cable65,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEDenseCovered_Lime.png
texture:id=cable66,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEDenseCovered_Pink.png
texture:id=cable67,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEDenseCovered_Gray.png
texture:id=cable68,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEDenseCovered_LightGrey.png
texture:id=cable69,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEDenseCovered_Cyan.png
texture:id=cable70,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEDenseCovered_Purple.png
texture:id=cable71,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEDenseCovered_Blue.png
texture:id=cable72,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEDenseCovered_Brown.png
texture:id=cable73,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEDenseCovered_Green.png
texture:id=cable74,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEDenseCovered_Red.png
texture:id=cable75,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEDenseCovered_Black.png
texture:id=cable76,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/ItemPart.CableDenseCovered.png

texture:id=cable540,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDenseCovered_White.png
texture:id=cable541,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDenseCovered_Orange.png
texture:id=cable542,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDenseCovered_Magenta.png
texture:id=cable543,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDenseCovered_LightBlue.png
texture:id=cable544,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDenseCovered_Yellow.png
texture:id=cable545,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDenseCovered_Lime.png
texture:id=cable546,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDenseCovered_Pink.png
texture:id=cable547,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDenseCovered_Gray.png
texture:id=cable548,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDenseCovered_LightGrey.png
texture:id=cable549,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDenseCovered_Cyan.png
texture:id=cable550,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDenseCovered_Purple.png
texture:id=cable551,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDenseCovered_Blue.png
texture:id=cable552,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDenseCovered_Brown.png
texture:id=cable553,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDenseCovered_Green.png
texture:id=cable554,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDenseCovered_Red.png
texture:id=cable555,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDenseCovered_Black.png
texture:id=cable556,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/ItemPart.CableUltraDenseCovered.png

texture:id=cable560,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDense_White.png
texture:id=cable561,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDense_Orange.png
texture:id=cable562,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDense_Magenta.png
texture:id=cable563,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDense_LightBlue.png
texture:id=cable564,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDense_Yellow.png
texture:id=cable565,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDense_Lime.png
texture:id=cable566,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDense_Pink.png
texture:id=cable567,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDense_Gray.png
texture:id=cable568,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDense_LightGrey.png
texture:id=cable569,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDense_Cyan.png
texture:id=cable570,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDense_Purple.png
texture:id=cable571,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDense_Blue.png
texture:id=cable572,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDense_Brown.png
texture:id=cable573,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDense_Green.png
texture:id=cable574,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDense_Red.png
texture:id=cable575,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/MEUltraDense_Black.png
texture:id=cable576,filename=assets/appliedenergistics2/textures/blocks/ItemPart.CableUltraDenseSmart.png

texture:id=minecraft/iron_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/iron_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/tnt_bottom,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/tnt_bottom.png
texture:id=minecraft/tnt_side,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/tnt_side.png
texture:id=minecraft/tnt_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/tnt_top.png
texture:id=gwmcustom/ae2cable,filename=assets/gwmcustom/ae2cable.png,xcount=2

specialModSupportLoader:org.dynmap.modsupport.loaders.AppliedEnergisticsModSupportLoader,name=ae2

# %tile.BlockCableBus:* (tile.BlockCableBus), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.networking.BlockCableBus
block:id=%tile.BlockCableBus,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=ff33cc,patch0=0:cable16,patch1=1:gwmcustom/ae2cable,patch2=0:appliedenergistics2/PartMonitorBack,patch3-6=0:appliedenergistics2/PartMonitorSides

# %tile.OreQuartz:* (tile.OreQuartz), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.solids.OreQuartz
block:id=%tile.OreQuartz,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/OreQuartz

# %tile.OreQuartzCharged:* (tile.OreQuartzCharged), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.solids.OreQuartzCharged
block:id=%tile.OreQuartzCharged,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/OreQuartzCharged

# %tile.BlockQuartz:* (tile.BlockQuartz), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.solids.BlockQuartz
block:id=%tile.BlockQuartz,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartz

# %tile.BlockQuartzPillar:* (tile.BlockQuartzPillar), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.solids.BlockQuartzPillar
block:id=%tile.BlockQuartzPillar,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzPillar,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzPillarSide

# %tile.BlockQuartzChiseled:* (tile.BlockQuartzChiseled), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.solids.BlockQuartzChiseled
block:id=%tile.BlockQuartzChiseled,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzChiseled,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzChiseledSide

# %tile.BlockQuartzGlass:* (tile.BlockQuartzGlass), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.solids.BlockQuartzGlass
block:id=%tile.BlockQuartzGlass,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzGlass

# %tile.BlockQuartzLamp:* (tile.BlockQuartzLamp), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.solids.BlockQuartzLamp
block:id=%tile.BlockQuartzLamp,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzLamp

# %tile.BlockQuartzTorch:* (tile.BlockQuartzTorch), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockQuartzTorch
block:id=%tile.BlockQuartzTorch,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzTorch

# %tile.BlockFluix:* (tile.BlockFluix), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.solids.BlockFluix
block:id=%tile.BlockFluix,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockFluix

# %tile.BlockSkyStone:* (tile.BlockSkyStone), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.solids.BlockSkyStone
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyStone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyStone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.Block
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyStone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.Brick
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyStone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.SmallBrick
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyStone,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone

# %tile.BlockSkyChest:* (tile.BlockSkyChest), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.storage.BlockSkyChest
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyChest,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyChest,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.Block
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyChest,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.Brick
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyChest,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.SmallBrick
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyChest,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone

# %tile.BlockSkyCompass:* (tile.BlockSkyCompass), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockSkyCompass
block:id=%tile.BlockSkyCompass,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block

# %tile.BlockInscriber:* (tile.BlockInscriber), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockInscriber
block:id=%tile.BlockInscriber,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockInscriber

# %tile.BlockWireless:* (tile.BlockWireless), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.networking.BlockWireless
block:id=%tile.BlockWireless,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockWireless

# %tile.BlockCharger:* (tile.BlockCharger), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockCharger
block:id=%tile.BlockCharger,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCharger,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockChargerSide

# %tile.BlockTinyTNT:* (tile.BlockTinyTNT), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockTinyTNT
block:id=%tile.BlockTinyTNT,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:minecraft/tnt_bottom,face1=0:minecraft/tnt_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/tnt_side

# %tile.BlockSecurity:* (tile.BlockSecurity), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockSecurity
block:id=%tile.BlockSecurity,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSecurityBottom,face1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSecurity,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSecuritySide

# %tile.BlockQuantumRing:* (tile.BlockQuantumRing), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.qnb.BlockQuantumRing
block:id=%tile.BlockQuantumRing,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuantumRing

# %tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber:* (tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.qnb.BlockQuantumLinkChamber
block:id=%tile.BlockQuantumLinkChamber,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuantumLinkChamber

# %tile.BlockSpatialPylon:* (tile.BlockSpatialPylon), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.spatial.BlockSpatialPylon
block:id=%tile.BlockSpatialPylon,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSpatialPylon

# %tile.BlockSpatialIOPort:* (tile.BlockSpatialIOPort), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.spatial.BlockSpatialIOPort
block:id=%tile.BlockSpatialIOPort,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSpatialIOPortBottom,face1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSpatialIOPort,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSpatialIOPortSide

# %tile.BlockController:* (tile.BlockController), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.networking.BlockController
block:id=%tile.BlockController,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockController

# %tile.BlockDrive:* (tile.BlockDrive), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.storage.BlockDrive
block:id=%tile.BlockDrive,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDriveBottom,face1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDrive,face2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDriveSide,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDriveFront,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDriveSide

# %tile.BlockChest:* (tile.BlockChest), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.storage.BlockChest
block:id=%tile.BlockChest,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockChestBottom,face1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockChest,face2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockChestSide,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockChestFront,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockChestSide

# %tile.BlockInterface:* (tile.BlockInterface), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockInterface
block:id=%tile.BlockInterface,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockInterface

# %tile.BlockCellWorkbench:* (tile.BlockCellWorkbench), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockCellWorkbench
block:id=%tile.BlockCellWorkbench,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCellWorkbenchBottom,face1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCellWorkbench,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCellWorkbenchSide

# %tile.BlockIOPort:* (tile.BlockIOPort), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.storage.BlockIOPort
block:id=%tile.BlockIOPort,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockIOPortBottom,face1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockIOPort,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockIOPortSide

# %tile.BlockCondenser:* (tile.BlockCondenser), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockCondenser
block:id=%tile.BlockCondenser,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCondenser

# %tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor:* (tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.networking.BlockEnergyAcceptor
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyAcceptor,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyAcceptor

# %tile.BlockVibrationChamber:* (tile.BlockVibrationChamber), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockVibrationChamber
block:id=%tile.BlockVibrationChamber,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockVibrationChamber,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockVibrationChamberFront,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockVibrationChamber

# %tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator:* (tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator
block:id=%tile.BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzGrowthAccelerator,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzGrowthAcceleratorSide

# %tile.BlockEnergyCell:* (tile.BlockEnergyCell), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.networking.BlockEnergyCell
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyCell,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell0
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyCell,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell1
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyCell,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell2
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyCell,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell3
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyCell,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell4
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyCell,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell5
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyCell,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell6
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyCell,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell7
block:id=%tile.BlockEnergyCell,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockEnergyCell

# %tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell:* (tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.networking.BlockDenseEnergyCell
block:id=%tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell0
block:id=%tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell1
block:id=%tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell2
block:id=%tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell3
block:id=%tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell4
block:id=%tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell5
block:id=%tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell6
block:id=%tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell7
block:id=%tile.BlockDenseEnergyCell,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockDenseEnergyCell

# %tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell:* (tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.networking.BlockCreativeEnergyCell
block:id=%tile.BlockCreativeEnergyCell,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCreativeEnergyCell

# %tile.BlockCraftingUnit:* (tile.BlockCraftingUnit), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.crafting.BlockCraftingUnit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingUnit,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingUnit,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingUnit,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator4x
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingUnit,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator16x
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingUnit,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingUnit,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnitFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingUnit,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAcceleratorFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingUnit,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator4xFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingUnit,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator16xFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingUnit,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit

# %tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingUnit:* (tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingUnit), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.crafting.BlockAdvancedCraftingUnit
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingUnit,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator64x
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingUnit,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator256x
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingUnit,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator1024x
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingUnit,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator4096x
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingUnit,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator64x
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingUnit,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator64xFit
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingUnit,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator256xFit
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingUnit,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator1024xFit
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingUnit,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator4096xFit
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingUnit,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator64x

# %tile.BlockCraftingStorage:* (tile.BlockCraftingStorage), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.crafting.BlockCraftingStorage
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage4k
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage16k
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage64k
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage4k
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage16k
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage64k
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorageFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage4kFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage16kFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage64kFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorageFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage4kFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage16kFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingStorage,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage64kFit

# %tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingStorage:* (tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingStorage), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.crafting.BlockAdvancedCraftingStorage
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingStorage,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage256k
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingStorage,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage1024k
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingStorage,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage4096k
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingStorage,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage16384k
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingStorage,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage256k
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingStorage,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage1024k
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingStorage,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage4096k
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingStorage,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage16384k
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingStorage,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage256kFit
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingStorage,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage1024kFit
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingStorage,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage4096kFit
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingStorage,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage16384kFit
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingStorage,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage256kFit
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingStorage,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage1024kFit
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingStorage,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage4096kFit
block:id=%tile.BlockAdvancedCraftingStorage,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingStorage16384kFit

# %tile.BlockCraftingMonitor:* (tile.BlockCraftingMonitor), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.crafting.BlockCraftingMonitor
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingMonitor,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitor,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingMonitor,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitor,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingMonitor,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator4x,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitor,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator4x
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingMonitor,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator16x,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitor,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator16x
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingMonitor,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitor,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingMonitor,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnitFit,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitorFit_Light,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnitFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingMonitor,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAcceleratorFit,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitor,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAcceleratorFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingMonitor,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator4xFit,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitor,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator4xFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingMonitor,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator16xFit,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitor,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingAccelerator16xFit
block:id=%tile.BlockCraftingMonitor,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit,face3=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingMonitor,face4-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockCraftingUnit

# %tile.BlockMolecularAssembler:* (tile.BlockMolecularAssembler), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.crafting.BlockMolecularAssembler
block:id=%tile.BlockMolecularAssembler,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:appliedenergistics2/BlockMolecularAssembler

# %tile.BlockLightDetector:* (tile.BlockLightDetector), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockLightDetector
block:id=%tile.BlockLightDetector,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockLightDetector

# %tile.BlockPaint:* (tile.BlockPaint), render=appeng.client.render.WorldRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.misc.BlockPaint
block:id=%tile.BlockPaint,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockPaint

# %tile.SkyStoneStairBlock:* (tile.SkyStoneStairBlock), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.stair.SkyStoneStairBlock
block:id=%tile.SkyStoneStairBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone

# %tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock:* (tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.stair.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock
block:id=%tile.SkyStoneBlockStairBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.Block

# %tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock:* (tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.stair.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock
block:id=%tile.SkyStoneBrickStairBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.Brick

# %tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock:* (tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.stair.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock
block:id=%tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickStairBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.SmallBrick

# %tile.FluixStairBlock:* (tile.FluixStairBlock), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.stair.FluixStairBlock
block:id=%tile.FluixStairBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockFluix

# %tile.QuartzStairBlock:* (tile.QuartzStairBlock), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.stair.QuartzStairBlock
block:id=%tile.QuartzStairBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartz

# %tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock:* (tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.stair.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock
block:id=%tile.ChiseledQuartzStairBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzChiseled,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzChiseledSide

# %tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock:* (tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.stair.QuartzPillarStairBlock
block:id=%tile.QuartzPillarStairBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzPillar,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzPillarSide

# %tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock:* (tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.AEBaseSlabBlock
block:id=%tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone

# %tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double:* (tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.AEBaseSlabBlock
block:id=%tile.SkyStoneSlabBlock.double,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone

# %tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock:* (tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.AEBaseSlabBlock
block:id=%tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.Block

# %tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double:* (tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.AEBaseSlabBlock
block:id=%tile.SkyStoneBlockSlabBlock.double,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.Block

# %tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock:* (tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.AEBaseSlabBlock
block:id=%tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.Brick

# %tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double:* (tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.AEBaseSlabBlock
block:id=%tile.SkyStoneBrickSlabBlock.double,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.Brick

# %tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock:* (tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.AEBaseSlabBlock
block:id=%tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.SmallBrick

# %tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double:* (tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.AEBaseSlabBlock
block:id=%tile.SkyStoneSmallBrickSlabBlock.double,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockSkyStone.SmallBrick

# %tile.FluixSlabBlock:* (tile.FluixSlabBlock), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.AEBaseSlabBlock
block:id=%tile.FluixSlabBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockFluix

# %tile.FluixSlabBlock.double:* (tile.FluixSlabBlock.double), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.AEBaseSlabBlock
block:id=%tile.FluixSlabBlock.double,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockFluix

# %tile.QuartzSlabBlock:* (tile.QuartzSlabBlock), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.AEBaseSlabBlock
block:id=%tile.QuartzSlabBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartz

# %tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double:* (tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.AEBaseSlabBlock
block:id=%tile.QuartzSlabBlock.double,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartz

# %tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock:* (tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.AEBaseSlabBlock
block:id=%tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzChiseled,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzChiseledSide

# %tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double:* (tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.AEBaseSlabBlock
block:id=%tile.ChiseledQuartzSlabBlock.double,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzChiseled,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzChiseledSide

# %tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock:* (tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=appeng.block.AEBaseSlabBlock
block:id=%tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzPillar,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzPillarSide

# %tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double:* (tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=appeng.block.AEBaseSlabBlock
block:id=%tile.QuartzPillarSlabBlock.double,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzPillar,face2-5=0:appliedenergistics2/BlockQuartzPillarSide

moddata:mod=ae2,damage=0,tex=0:cable00,size=2
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=1,tex=0:cable01,size=2
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=2,tex=0:cable02,size=2
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=3,tex=0:cable03,size=2
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=4,tex=0:cable04,size=2
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=5,tex=0:cable05,size=2
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=6,tex=0:cable06,size=2
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=7,tex=0:cable07,size=2
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=8,tex=0:cable08,size=2
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=9,tex=0:cable09,size=2
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=10,tex=0:cable10,size=2
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=11,tex=0:cable11,size=2
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=12,tex=0:cable12,size=2
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=13,tex=0:cable13,size=2
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=14,tex=0:cable14,size=2
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=15,tex=0:cable15,size=2
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=16,tex=0:cable16,size=2
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=20,tex=0:cable20,size=3
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=21,tex=0:cable21,size=3
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=22,tex=0:cable22,size=3
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=23,tex=0:cable23,size=3
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=24,tex=0:cable24,size=3
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=25,tex=0:cable25,size=3
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=26,tex=0:cable26,size=3
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=27,tex=0:cable27,size=3
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=28,tex=0:cable28,size=3
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=29,tex=0:cable29,size=3
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=30,tex=0:cable30,size=3
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=31,tex=0:cable31,size=3
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=32,tex=0:cable32,size=3
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=33,tex=0:cable33,size=3
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=34,tex=0:cable34,size=3
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=35,tex=0:cable35,size=3
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=36,tex=0:cable36,size=3
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=40,tex=0:cable40,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=41,tex=0:cable41,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=42,tex=0:cable42,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=43,tex=0:cable43,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=44,tex=0:cable44,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=45,tex=0:cable45,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=46,tex=0:cable46,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=47,tex=0:cable47,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=48,tex=0:cable48,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=49,tex=0:cable49,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=50,tex=0:cable50,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=51,tex=0:cable51,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=52,tex=0:cable52,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=53,tex=0:cable53,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=54,tex=0:cable54,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=55,tex=0:cable55,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=56,tex=0:cable56,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=60,tex=0:cable60,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=61,tex=0:cable61,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=62,tex=0:cable62,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=63,tex=0:cable63,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=64,tex=0:cable64,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=65,tex=0:cable65,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=66,tex=0:cable66,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=67,tex=0:cable67,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=68,tex=0:cable68,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=69,tex=0:cable69,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=70,tex=0:cable70,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=71,tex=0:cable71,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=72,tex=0:cable72,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=73,tex=0:cable73,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=74,tex=0:cable74,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=75,tex=0:cable75,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=76,tex=0:cable76,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=540,tex=0:cable540,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=541,tex=0:cable541,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=542,tex=0:cable542,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=543,tex=0:cable543,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=544,tex=0:cable544,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=545,tex=0:cable545,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=546,tex=0:cable546,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=547,tex=0:cable547,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=548,tex=0:cable548,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=549,tex=0:cable549,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=550,tex=0:cable550,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=551,tex=0:cable551,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=552,tex=0:cable552,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=553,tex=0:cable553,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=554,tex=0:cable554,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=555,tex=0:cable555,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=556,tex=0:cable556,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=560,tex=0:cable560,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=561,tex=0:cable561,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=562,tex=0:cable562,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=563,tex=0:cable563,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=564,tex=0:cable564,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=565,tex=0:cable565,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=566,tex=0:cable566,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=567,tex=0:cable567,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=568,tex=0:cable568,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=569,tex=0:cable569,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=570,tex=0:cable570,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=571,tex=0:cable571,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=572,tex=0:cable572,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=573,tex=0:cable573,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=574,tex=0:cable574,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=575,tex=0:cable575,size=5
moddata:mod=ae2,damage=576,tex=0:cable576,size=5