# dreamcraft 1.9.168
version:1.7
modname:dreamcraft



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockBlackPlutonium,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockBlackPlutonium.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockBloodyIchorium,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockBloodyIchorium.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockBloodyThaumium,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockBloodyThaumium.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockBloodyVoid,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockBloodyVoid.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockBronzePlatedReinforcedStone,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockBronzePlatedReinforcedStone.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockCallistoColdIce,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockCallistoColdIce.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockCharcoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockCharcoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockCompressedCharcoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockCompressedCharcoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockCompressedCoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockCompressedCoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockCompressedCoalCoke,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockCompressedCoalCoke.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockCompressedGraphite,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockCompressedGraphite.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockDiamondFrameBox,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockDiamondFrameBox.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockDoubleCompressedCharcoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockDoubleCompressedCharcoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockDoubleCompressedCoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockDoubleCompressedCoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockDoubleCompressedCoalCoke,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockDoubleCompressedCoalCoke.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockLedox,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockLedox.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockMysteriousCrystal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockMysteriousCrystal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockMytryl,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockMytryl.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockNaquadahPlatedReinforcedStone,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockNaquadahPlatedReinforcedStone.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockNeutroniumPlatedReinforcedStone,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockNeutroniumPlatedReinforcedStone.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockPistonBlock,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockPistonBlock.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockQuadrupleCompressedCharcoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuadrupleCompressedCharcoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockQuadrupleCompressedCoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuadrupleCompressedCoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockQuadrupleCompressedCoalCoke,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuadrupleCompressedCoalCoke.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockQuantinum,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuantinum.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockQuintupleCompressedCharcoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuintupleCompressedCharcoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockQuintupleCompressedCoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuintupleCompressedCoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockQuintupleCompressedCoalCoke,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuintupleCompressedCoalCoke.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockSandClayMix,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockSandClayMix.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockSteelPlatedReinforcedStone,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockSteelPlatedReinforcedStone.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockTitaniumPlatedReinforcedStone,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockTitaniumPlatedReinforcedStone.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockTripleCompressedCharcoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockTripleCompressedCharcoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockTripleCompressedCoal,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockTripleCompressedCoal.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockTripleCompressedCoalCoke,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockTripleCompressedCoalCoke.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/blockTungstensteelPlatedReinforcedStone,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/blockTungstensteelPlatedReinforcedStone.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidAmmonia_flow,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidAmmonia_flow.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidAmmonia_still,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidAmmonia_still.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidCompressedNitrogen_flow,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidCompressedNitrogen_flow.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidCompressedNitrogen_still,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidCompressedNitrogen_still.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidCompressedOxygen_flow,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidCompressedOxygen_flow.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidCompressedOxygen_still,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidCompressedOxygen_still.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidConcrete_flow,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidConcrete_flow.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidConcrete_still,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidConcrete_still.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidEnrichedBacterialSludge_flow,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidEnrichedBacterialSludge_flow.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidEnrichedBacterialSludge_still,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidEnrichedBacterialSludge_still.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidFermentedBacterialSludge_flow,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidFermentedBacterialSludge_flow.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidFermentedBacterialSludge_still,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidFermentedBacterialSludge_still.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidNitricAcid_flow,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidNitricAcid_flow.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidNitricAcid_still,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidNitricAcid_still.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidPollution_flow,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidPollution_flow.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidPollution_still,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidPollution_still.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidSodiumPotassium_flow,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidSodiumPotassium_flow.png
texture:id=dreamcraft/fluidSodiumPotassium_still,filename=assets/dreamcraft/textures/blocks/fluidSodiumPotassium_still.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_8V_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_8V_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_STEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_STEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_TITANIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_TITANIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_TUNGSTENSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_TUNGSTENSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_TOP.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_oak.png



# %tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoalCoke:* (tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoalCoke), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoalCoke,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockQuadrupleCompressedCoalCoke

# %tile.CompressedCoalCoke:* (tile.CompressedCoalCoke), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.CompressedCoalCoke,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockCompressedCoalCoke

# %tile.SandClayMix:* (tile.SandClayMix), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.SandClayMix,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockSandClayMix

# %tile.NaquadahPlatedReinforcedStone:* (tile.NaquadahPlatedReinforcedStone), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.NaquadahPlatedReinforcedStone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockNaquadahPlatedReinforcedStone

# %tile.QuintupleCompressedCoalCoke:* (tile.QuintupleCompressedCoalCoke), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.QuintupleCompressedCoalCoke,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockQuintupleCompressedCoalCoke

# %tile.Ledox:* (tile.Ledox), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.Ledox,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockLedox

# %tile.SteelPlatedReinforcedStone:* (tile.SteelPlatedReinforcedStone), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.SteelPlatedReinforcedStone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockSteelPlatedReinforcedStone

# %tile.CallistoColdIce:* (tile.CallistoColdIce), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.CallistoColdIce,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockCallistoColdIce

# %tile.PistonBlock:* (tile.PistonBlock), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.PistonBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockPistonBlock

# %tile.TitaniumPlatedReinforcedStone:* (tile.TitaniumPlatedReinforcedStone), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.TitaniumPlatedReinforcedStone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockTitaniumPlatedReinforcedStone

# %tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoal:* (tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.QuadrupleCompressedCoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockQuadrupleCompressedCoal

# %tile.CompressedCoal:* (tile.CompressedCoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.CompressedCoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockCompressedCoal

# %tile.Mytryl:* (tile.Mytryl), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.Mytryl,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockMytryl

# %tile.BloodyThaumium:* (tile.BloodyThaumium), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.BloodyThaumium,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockBloodyThaumium

# %tile.NeutroniumPlatedReinforcedStone:* (tile.NeutroniumPlatedReinforcedStone), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.NeutroniumPlatedReinforcedStone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockNeutroniumPlatedReinforcedStone

# %tile.BloodyIchorium:* (tile.BloodyIchorium), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.BloodyIchorium,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockBloodyIchorium

# %tile.MysteriousCrystal:* (tile.MysteriousCrystal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.MysteriousCrystal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockMysteriousCrystal

# %tile.TripleCompressedCoal:* (tile.TripleCompressedCoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.TripleCompressedCoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockTripleCompressedCoal

# %tile.TripleCompressedCharcoal:* (tile.TripleCompressedCharcoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.TripleCompressedCharcoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockTripleCompressedCharcoal

# %tile.BronzePlatedReinforcedStone:* (tile.BronzePlatedReinforcedStone), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.BronzePlatedReinforcedStone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockBronzePlatedReinforcedStone

# %tile.QuintupleCompressedCoal:* (tile.QuintupleCompressedCoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.QuintupleCompressedCoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockQuintupleCompressedCoal

# %tile.TripleCompressedCoalCoke:* (tile.TripleCompressedCoalCoke), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.TripleCompressedCoalCoke,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockTripleCompressedCoalCoke

# %tile.QuintupleCompressedCharcoal:* (tile.QuintupleCompressedCharcoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.QuintupleCompressedCharcoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockQuintupleCompressedCharcoal

# %tile.TungstensteelPlatedReinforcedStone:* (tile.TungstensteelPlatedReinforcedStone), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.TungstensteelPlatedReinforcedStone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockTungstensteelPlatedReinforcedStone

# %tile.BloodyVoid:* (tile.BloodyVoid), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.BloodyVoid,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockBloodyVoid

# %tile.BlackPlutonium:* (tile.BlackPlutonium), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.BlackPlutonium,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockBlackPlutonium

# %tile.DoubleCompressedCoal:* (tile.DoubleCompressedCoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.DoubleCompressedCoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockDoubleCompressedCoal

# %tile.DoubleCompressedCharcoal:* (tile.DoubleCompressedCharcoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.DoubleCompressedCharcoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockDoubleCompressedCharcoal

# %tile.CompressedGraphite:* (tile.CompressedGraphite), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.CompressedGraphite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockCompressedGraphite

# %tile.Quantinum:* (tile.Quantinum), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.Quantinum,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockQuantinum

# %tile.CompressedCharcoal:* (tile.CompressedCharcoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.CompressedCharcoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockCompressedCharcoal

# %tile.DoubleCompressedCoalCoke:* (tile.DoubleCompressedCoalCoke), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.DoubleCompressedCoalCoke,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockDoubleCompressedCoalCoke

# %tile.QuadrupleCompressedCharcoal:* (tile.QuadrupleCompressedCharcoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.QuadrupleCompressedCharcoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockQuadrupleCompressedCharcoal

# %tile.DiamondFrameBox:* (tile.DiamondFrameBox), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.DiamondFrameBox,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockDiamondFrameBox

# %tile.Charcoal:* (tile.Charcoal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%tile.Charcoal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:dreamcraft/blockCharcoal

# %dreamcraft_SodiumPotassium:* (dreamcraft_SodiumPotassium), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.fluids.ModSimpleBaseFluid
block:id=%dreamcraft_SodiumPotassium,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:dreamcraft/fluidSodiumPotassium_still,face2-5=12000:dreamcraft/fluidSodiumPotassium_flow

# %dreamcraft_NitricAcid:* (dreamcraft_NitricAcid), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.fluids.ModSimpleBaseFluid
block:id=%dreamcraft_NitricAcid,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:dreamcraft/fluidNitricAcid_still,face2-5=12000:dreamcraft/fluidNitricAcid_flow

# %dreamcraft_Ammonia:* (dreamcraft_Ammonia), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.fluids.ModSimpleBaseFluid
block:id=%dreamcraft_Ammonia,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:dreamcraft/fluidAmmonia_still,face2-5=12000:dreamcraft/fluidAmmonia_flow

# %dreamcraft_CompressedOxygen:* (dreamcraft_CompressedOxygen), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.fluids.ModSimpleBaseFluid
block:id=%dreamcraft_CompressedOxygen,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:dreamcraft/fluidCompressedOxygen_still,face2-5=12000:dreamcraft/fluidCompressedOxygen_flow

# %dreamcraft_EnrichedBacterialSludge:* (dreamcraft_EnrichedBacterialSludge), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.fluids.ModSimpleBaseFluid
block:id=%dreamcraft_EnrichedBacterialSludge,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:dreamcraft/fluidEnrichedBacterialSludge_still,face2-5=12000:dreamcraft/fluidEnrichedBacterialSludge_flow

# %dreamcraft_FermentedBacterialSludge:* (dreamcraft_FermentedBacterialSludge), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.fluids.ModSimpleBaseFluid
block:id=%dreamcraft_FermentedBacterialSludge,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:dreamcraft/fluidFermentedBacterialSludge_still,face2-5=12000:dreamcraft/fluidFermentedBacterialSludge_flow

# %dreamcraft_Concrete:* (dreamcraft_Concrete), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.fluids.ModSimpleBaseFluid
block:id=%dreamcraft_Concrete,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:dreamcraft/fluidConcrete_still,face2-5=12000:dreamcraft/fluidConcrete_flow

# %dreamcraft_CompressedNitrogen:* (dreamcraft_CompressedNitrogen), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.fluids.ModSimpleBaseFluid
block:id=%dreamcraft_CompressedNitrogen,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:dreamcraft/fluidCompressedNitrogen_still,face2-5=12000:dreamcraft/fluidCompressedNitrogen_flow

# %dreamcraft_Pollution:* (dreamcraft_Pollution), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=eu.usrv.yamcore.fluids.ModSimpleBaseFluid
block:id=%dreamcraft_Pollution,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:dreamcraft/fluidPollution_still,face2-5=12000:dreamcraft/fluidPollution_flow

# %BabyChest:* (BabyChest), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.dreammaster.modbabychest.BlockBabyChest
block:id=%BabyChest,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %gt.blockcasingsNH:* (gt.blockcasingsNH), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.dreammaster.gthandler.casings.GT_Block_CasingsNH
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_STEEL
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_8V_SIDE
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_TITANIUM
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_TUNGSTENSTEEL
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_BOTTOM,face1=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_TOP,face2-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_SIDE
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_BOTTOM,face1=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_TOP,face2-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_SIDE
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_BOTTOM,face1=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_TOP,face2-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_SIDE
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_BOTTOM,face1=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_TOP,face2-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_SIDE
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_BOTTOM,face1=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_TOP,face2-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_SIDE
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_BOTTOM,face1=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_TOP,face2-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_SIDE
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_BOTTOM,face1=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_TOP,face2-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_SIDE
block:id=%gt.blockcasingsNH,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_BOTTOM,face1=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_TOP,face2-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_SIDE



specialModSupportLoader:org.dynmap.modsupport.loaders.GregTechModSupportLoader,name=gtmte

texture:id=gt_frame,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/NONE/frameGt.png
texture:id=gt_pipe,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/NONE/pipeSide.png
texture:id=gt_cable,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/INSULATION_FULL.png
texture:id=gt_wire,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/NONE/wire.png

# Begin textures stolen from base GT
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BASALT_BRICKS,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BASALT_BRICKS.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BASALT_BRICKS_CHISELED,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BASALT_BRICKS_CHISELED.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BASALT_BRICKS_CRACKED,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BASALT_BRICKS_CRACKED.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BASALT_BRICKS_MOSSY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BASALT_BRICKS_MOSSY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BASALT_COBBLE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BASALT_COBBLE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BASALT_COBBLE_MOSSY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BASALT_COBBLE_MOSSY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BASALT_SMOOTH,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BASALT_SMOOTH.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BASALT_STONE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BASALT_STONE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_ADAMANTIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_ADAMANTIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_AERCRYSTAL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_AERCRYSTAL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_ALUMINIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_ALUMINIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_AMBER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_AMBER.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_AMERICIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_AMERICIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_AMETHYST,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_AMETHYST.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_ANNEALEDCOPPER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_ANNEALEDCOPPER.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_ANTIMONY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_ANTIMONY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_AQUACRYSTAL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_AQUACRYSTAL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_ARSENIC,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_ARSENIC.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_ASTRALSILVER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_ASTRALSILVER.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_BATTERYALLOY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_BATTERYALLOY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_BERYLLIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_BERYLLIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_BISMUTH,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_BISMUTH.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_BISMUTHBRONZE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_BISMUTHBRONZE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_BLACKBRONZE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_BLACKBRONZE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_BLACKDWARFMATTER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_BLACKDWARFMATTER.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_BLACKSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_BLACKSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_BLAZE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_BLAZE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_BLUEALLOY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_BLUEALLOY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_BLUESTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_BLUESTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_BLUETOPAZ,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_BLUETOPAZ.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_BRASS,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_BRASS.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_BRONZE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_BRONZE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_BRONZEPREIN,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_BRONZEPREIN.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_CAESIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_CAESIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_CERIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_CERIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_CERTUSQUARTZ,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_CERTUSQUARTZ.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_CHARCOAL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_CHARCOAL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_CHROME,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_CHROME.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_CHROMIUMDIOXIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_CHROMIUMDIOXIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_COBALT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_COBALT.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_COBALTBRASS,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_COBALTBRASS.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_COPPER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_COPPER.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_CRYOLITE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_CRYOLITE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_CUPRONICKEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_CUPRONICKEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_DAMASCUSSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_DAMASCUSSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_DARKIRON,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_DARKIRON.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_DEEPIRON,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_DEEPIRON.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_DEEP_DARK_RAW,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_DEEP_DARK_RAW.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_DESH,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_DESH.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_DILITHIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_DILITHIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_DURANIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_DURANIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_DYSPROSIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_DYSPROSIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_ELECTRUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_ELECTRUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_ELECTRUMFLUX,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_ELECTRUMFLUX.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_ENDEREYE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_ENDEREYE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_ENDERIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_ENDERIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_ENDERPEARL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_ENDERPEARL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_ERBIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_ERBIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_EUROPIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_EUROPIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_FIERYSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_FIERYSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_FIRESTONE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_FIRESTONE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_FOOLSRUBY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_FOOLSRUBY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_FORCE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_FORCE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_FORCICIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_FORCICIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_FORCILLIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_FORCILLIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_GADOLINIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_GADOLINIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_GALLIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_GALLIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_GREENSAPPHIRE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_GREENSAPPHIRE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_HOLMIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_HOLMIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_HSLA,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_HSLA.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_HSSE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_HSSE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_HSSG,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_HSSG.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_HSSS,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_HSSS.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_ICHORIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_ICHORIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_IGNISCRYSTAL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_IGNISCRYSTAL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_INDIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_INDIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_INFUSEDGOLD,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_INFUSEDGOLD.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_INVAR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_INVAR.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_IRIDIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_IRIDIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_IRONMAGNETIC,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_IRONMAGNETIC.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_IRONWOOD,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_IRONWOOD.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_IRREIN,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_IRREIN.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_JASPER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_JASPER.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_KANTHAL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_KANTHAL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_KNIGHTMETAL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_KNIGHTMETAL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_LANTHANUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_LANTHANUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_LAZURITE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_LAZURITE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_LEAD,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_LEAD.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_LIGNITE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_LIGNITE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_LUTETIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_LUTETIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_MAGNALIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_MAGNALIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_MAGNESIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_MAGNESIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_MANGANESE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_MANGANESE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_METEORICIRON,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_METEORICIRON.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_METEORICSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_METEORICSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_MITHRIL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_MITHRIL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_MOLYBDENUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_MOLYBDENUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_MONAZITE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_MONAZITE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_NAQUADAH,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_NAQUADAH.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_NAQUADAHALLOY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_NAQUADAHALLOY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_NAQUADAHENRICHED,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_NAQUADAHENRICHED.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_NAQUADAHPREIN,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_NAQUADAHPREIN.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_NAQUADRIA,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_NAQUADRIA.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_NEODYMIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_NEODYMIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_NEODYMIUMMAGNETIC,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_NEODYMIUMMAGNETIC.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_NETHERSTAR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_NETHERSTAR.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_NEUTRONIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_NEUTRONIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_NEUTRONIUMPREIN,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_NEUTRONIUMPREIN.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_NICHROME,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_NICHROME.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_NICKEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_NICKEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_NICKELALUMINIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_NICKELALUMINIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_NIOBIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_NIOBIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_NIOBIUMNITRIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_NIOBIUMNITRIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_NIOBIUMTITANIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_NIOBIUMTITANIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_NITER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_NITER.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_OLIVINE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_OLIVINE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_OPAL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_OPAL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_ORDOCRYSTAL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_ORDOCRYSTAL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_ORIHARUKON,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_ORIHARUKON.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_OSMIRIDIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_OSMIRIDIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_OSMIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_OSMIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_PALLADIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_PALLADIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_PERDITIOCRYSTAL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_PERDITIOCRYSTAL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_PHOSPHORUS,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_PHOSPHORUS.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_PIGIRON,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_PIGIRON.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_PLASCRETE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_PLASCRETE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_PLATINUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_PLATINUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_PLUTONIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_PLUTONIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_PLUTONIUM241,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_PLUTONIUM241.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_PRASEODYMIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_PRASEODYMIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_PROMETHIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_PROMETHIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_QUARTZITE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_QUARTZITE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_REDALLOY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_REDALLOY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_REDGARNET,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_REDGARNET.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_REDSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_REDSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_ROSEGOLD,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_ROSEGOLD.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_RUBIDIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_RUBIDIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_RUBY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_RUBY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_SAMARIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_SAMARIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_SAPPHIRE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_SAPPHIRE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_SCANDIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_SCANDIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_SHADOW,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_SHADOW.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_SHADOWIRON,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_SHADOWIRON.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_SHADOWSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_SHADOWSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_SILICON,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_SILICON.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_SILICONSG,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_SILICONSG.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_SILVER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_SILVER.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_SODALITE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_SODALITE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_SOLDERINGALLOY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_SOLDERINGALLOY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_SPACETIME,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_SPACETIME.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_STAINLESSSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_STAINLESSSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_STEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_STEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_STEELEAF,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_STEELEAF.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_STEELMAGNETIC,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_STEELMAGNETIC.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_STEELPREIN,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_STEELPREIN.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_STERLINGSILVER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_STERLINGSILVER.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_SUNNARIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_SUNNARIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_TANTALUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_TANTALUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_TANZANITE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_TANZANITE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_TELLURIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_TELLURIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_TERBIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_TERBIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_TERRACRYSTAL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_TERRACRYSTAL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_THAUMIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_THAUMIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_THORIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_THORIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_THULIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_THULIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_TIN,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_TIN.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_TINALLOY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_TINALLOY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_TITANIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_TITANIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_TITANIUMPREIN,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_TITANIUMPREIN.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_TOPAZ,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_TOPAZ.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_TRANSCENDENTMETAL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_TRANSCENDENTMETAL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_TRINIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_TRINIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_TRITANIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_TRITANIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_TSREIN,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_TSREIN.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_TUNGSTEN,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_TUNGSTEN.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_TUNGSTENCARBIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_TUNGSTENCARBIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_TUNGSTENSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_TUNGSTENSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_ULTIMET,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_ULTIMET.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_UNIVERSIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_UNIVERSIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_URANIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_URANIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_URANIUM235,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_URANIUM235.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_VANADIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_VANADIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_VANADIUMGALLIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_VANADIUMGALLIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_VANADIUMSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_VANADIUMSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_VINTEUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_VINTEUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_WHITEDWARFMATTER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_WHITEDWARFMATTER.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_WROUGHTIRON,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_WROUGHTIRON.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_YELLOWGARNET,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_YELLOWGARNET.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_YTTRBIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_YTTRBIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_YTTRIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_YTTRIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_YTTRIUMBARIUMCUPRATE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_YTTRIUMBARIUMCUPRATE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_ZINC,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BLOCK_ZINC.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/CONCRETE_DARK_BRICKS,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/CONCRETE_DARK_BRICKS.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/CONCRETE_DARK_BRICKS_CHISELED,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/CONCRETE_DARK_BRICKS_CHISELED.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/CONCRETE_DARK_BRICKS_CRACKED,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/CONCRETE_DARK_BRICKS_CRACKED.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/CONCRETE_DARK_BRICKS_MOSSY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/CONCRETE_DARK_BRICKS_MOSSY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/CONCRETE_DARK_COBBLE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/CONCRETE_DARK_COBBLE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/CONCRETE_DARK_COBBLE_MOSSY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/CONCRETE_DARK_COBBLE_MOSSY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/CONCRETE_DARK_SMOOTH,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/CONCRETE_DARK_SMOOTH.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/CONCRETE_DARK_STONE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/CONCRETE_DARK_STONE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/CONCRETE_LIGHT_BRICKS,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/CONCRETE_LIGHT_BRICKS.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/CONCRETE_LIGHT_BRICKS_CHISELED,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/CONCRETE_LIGHT_BRICKS_CHISELED.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/CONCRETE_LIGHT_BRICKS_CRACKED,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/CONCRETE_LIGHT_BRICKS_CRACKED.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/CONCRETE_LIGHT_BRICKS_MOSSY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/CONCRETE_LIGHT_BRICKS_MOSSY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/CONCRETE_LIGHT_COBBLE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/CONCRETE_LIGHT_COBBLE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/CONCRETE_LIGHT_COBBLE_MOSSY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/CONCRETE_LIGHT_COBBLE_MOSSY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/CONCRETE_LIGHT_SMOOTH,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/CONCRETE_LIGHT_SMOOTH.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/CONCRETE_LIGHT_STONE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/CONCRETE_LIGHT_STONE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/COVER_WOOD_PLATE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/COVER_WOOD_PLATE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/EV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/EV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/GRANITE_BLACK_BRICKS,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/GRANITE_BLACK_BRICKS.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/GRANITE_BLACK_BRICKS_CHISELED,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/GRANITE_BLACK_BRICKS_CHISELED.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/GRANITE_BLACK_BRICKS_CRACKED,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/GRANITE_BLACK_BRICKS_CRACKED.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/GRANITE_BLACK_BRICKS_MOSSY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/GRANITE_BLACK_BRICKS_MOSSY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/GRANITE_BLACK_COBBLE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/GRANITE_BLACK_COBBLE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/GRANITE_BLACK_COBBLE_MOSSY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/GRANITE_BLACK_COBBLE_MOSSY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/GRANITE_BLACK_SMOOTH,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/GRANITE_BLACK_SMOOTH.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/GRANITE_BLACK_STONE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/GRANITE_BLACK_STONE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/GRANITE_RED_BRICKS,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/GRANITE_RED_BRICKS.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/GRANITE_RED_BRICKS_CHISELED,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/GRANITE_RED_BRICKS_CHISELED.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/GRANITE_RED_BRICKS_CRACKED,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/GRANITE_RED_BRICKS_CRACKED.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/GRANITE_RED_BRICKS_MOSSY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/GRANITE_RED_BRICKS_MOSSY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/GRANITE_RED_COBBLE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/GRANITE_RED_COBBLE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/GRANITE_RED_COBBLE_MOSSY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/GRANITE_RED_COBBLE_MOSSY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/GRANITE_RED_SMOOTH,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/GRANITE_RED_SMOOTH.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/GRANITE_RED_STONE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/GRANITE_RED_STONE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/HV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/HV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/HV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/HV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/INFINITY_COOLED_CASING,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/INFINITY_COOLED_CASING.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/IV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/IV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/IV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/IV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/LONG_DISTANCE_PIPE_FLUID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/LONG_DISTANCE_PIPE_FLUID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/LONG_DISTANCE_PIPE_ITEM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/LONG_DISTANCE_PIPE_ITEM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/LuV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/LuV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/LuV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/LuV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_8V_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_8V_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_8V_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_8V_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_8V_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_8V_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZEPLATEDBRICKS,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZEPLATEDBRICKS.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ADVANCEDGAS,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ADVANCEDGAS.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ADVANCEDRADIATIONPROOF,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ADVANCEDRADIATIONPROOF.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ASSEMBLER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ASSEMBLER.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_BIOHAZARD,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_BIOHAZARD.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CHEMICALLY_INERT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CHEMICALLY_INERT.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CONTAINMENT_FIELD,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CONTAINMENT_FIELD.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_DATA_DRIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_DATA_DRIVE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_DENSEBRICKS,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_DENSEBRICKS.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ENGINE_INTAKE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ENGINE_INTAKE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_EXPLOSIONHAZARD,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_EXPLOSIONHAZARD.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_EXTREME_ENGINE_INTAKE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_EXTREME_ENGINE_INTAKE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FIREBOX_BRONZE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FIREBOX_BRONZE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FIREBOX_STEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FIREBOX_STEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FIREBOX_TITANIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FIREBOX_TITANIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FIREBOX_TUNGSTENSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FIREBOX_TUNGSTENSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FIREHAZARD,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FIREHAZARD.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FROSTHAZARD,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FROSTHAZARD.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FROST_PROOF,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FROST_PROOF.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_2,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_2.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_COIL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_COIL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS_YELLOW,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS_YELLOW.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_BRONZE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_BRONZE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_STEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_STEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_TITANIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_TITANIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_TUNGSTENSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_TUNGSTENSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GRATE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GRATE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_IRIDIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_IRIDIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGICAL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGICAL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGICHAZARD,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGICHAZARD.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MINING_BLACKPLUTONIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MINING_BLACKPLUTONIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MINING_NEUTRONIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MINING_NEUTRONIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MINING_OSMIRIDIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MINING_OSMIRIDIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MOTOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MOTOR.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_NOISEHAZARD,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_NOISEHAZARD.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PCB_TIER_1,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PCB_TIER_1.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PCB_TIER_2,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PCB_TIER_2.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PCB_TIER_3,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PCB_TIER_3.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_BRONZE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_BRONZE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_POLYBENZIMIDAZOLE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_POLYBENZIMIDAZOLE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_POLYTETRAFLUOROETHYLENE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_POLYTETRAFLUOROETHYLENE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_STEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_STEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_TITANIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_TITANIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_TUNGSTENSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_TUNGSTENSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PROCESSOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PROCESSOR.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PUMP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PUMP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_RADIANT_NAQUADAH_ALLOY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_RADIANT_NAQUADAH_ALLOY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_RADIATIONPROOF,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_RADIATIONPROOF.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_RADIOACTIVEHAZARD,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_RADIOACTIVEHAZARD.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_RHODIUM_PALLADIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_RHODIUM_PALLADIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_SOLID_STEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_SOLID_STEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STRIPES_A,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STRIPES_A.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STRIPES_B,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STRIPES_B.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_0,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_0.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_1,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_1.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_10,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_10.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_11,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_11.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_12,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_12.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_13,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_13.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_14,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_14.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_2,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_2.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_3,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_3.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_4,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_4.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_5,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_5.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_6,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_6.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_7,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_7.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_8,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_8.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_9,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TANK_9.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_VENT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_VENT.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_VENT_T2,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_VENT_T2.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_AWAKENEDDRACONIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_AWAKENEDDRACONIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_CUPRONICKEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_CUPRONICKEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_ELECTRUMFLUX,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_ELECTRUMFLUX.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_ETERNAL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_ETERNAL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_HSSG,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_HSSG.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_HSSS,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_HSSS.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_HYPOGEN,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_HYPOGEN.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_INFINITY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_INFINITY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_KANTHAL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_KANTHAL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_NAQUADAH,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_NAQUADAH.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_NAQUADAHALLOY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_NAQUADAHALLOY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_NICHROME,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_NICHROME.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_SUPERCONDUCTOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_SUPERCONDUCTOR.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_TRINIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_TRINIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_TUNGSTENSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_COIL_TUNGSTENSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_DIM_BRIDGE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_DIM_BRIDGE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_DIM_INJECTOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_DIM_INJECTOR.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_DIM_TRANS_CASING,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_DIM_TRANS_CASING.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_EV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_EV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_EV_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_EV_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_EV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_EV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_HEATPROOFCASING,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_HEATPROOFCASING.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_HV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_HV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_HV_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_HV_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_HV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_HV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_IV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_IV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_IV_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_IV_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_IV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_IV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_LV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_LV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_LV_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_LV_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_LV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_LV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_LuV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_LuV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_LuV_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_LuV_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_LuV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_LuV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MAXV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MV_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MV_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_MV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_SIDE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_TOP.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MARBLE_BRICKS,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MARBLE_BRICKS.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MARBLE_BRICKS_CHISELED,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MARBLE_BRICKS_CHISELED.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MARBLE_BRICKS_CRACKED,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MARBLE_BRICKS_CRACKED.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MARBLE_BRICKS_MOSSY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MARBLE_BRICKS_MOSSY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MARBLE_COBBLE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MARBLE_COBBLE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MARBLE_COBBLE_MOSSY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MARBLE_COBBLE_MOSSY.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MARBLE_SMOOTH,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MARBLE_SMOOTH.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MARBLE_STONE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MARBLE_STONE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/UEV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/UEV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/UEV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/UEV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/UHV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/UHV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/UHV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/UHV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/UIV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/UIV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/UIV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/UIV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/UMV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/UMV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/UMV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/UMV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/UV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/UV_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/UV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/UV_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/ZPM_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/ZPM_SIDE_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/ZPM_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/ZPM_TOP_CYCLOTRON_SOLENOID.png
texture:id=minecraft/coal_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/coal_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/stone,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stone.png
# End textures stolen from base GT


######################################################################################################
######################################################################################################
######################################################################################################
######################################################################################################
######################################################################################################

texture:id=mte/iconsets/EM_LASER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_LASER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/EM_CANDY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_CANDY.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/EM_PIPE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_PIPE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/EM_DATA,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_DATA.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/EM_BAR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_BAR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/GAS_TURBINE_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/GAS_TURBINE_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/GAS_TURBINE_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/GAS_TURBINE_SIDE_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_TOP_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/STEAM_TURBINE_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/STEAM_TURBINE_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/STEAM_TURBINE_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/STEAM_TURBINE_SIDE_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_DRAGONEGG,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_DRAGONEGG.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/NAQUADAH_REACTOR_SOLID_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/NAQUADAH_REACTOR_SOLID_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/NAQUADAH_REACTOR_SOLID_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/NAQUADAH_REACTOR_SOLID_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_BOXINATOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_BOXINATOR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_BOXINATOR_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_BOXINATOR_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ROCK_BREAKER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ROCK_BREAKER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ROCK_BREAKER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ROCK_BREAKER_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISASSEMBLER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISASSEMBLER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISASSEMBLER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISASSEMBLER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MASSFAB,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MASSFAB.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MASSFAB_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MASSFAB_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_REPLICATOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_REPLICATOR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_REPLICATOR_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_REPLICATOR_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_POTIONBREWER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_POTIONBREWER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_POTIONBREWER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_POTIONBREWER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PUMP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_PUMP.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TELEPORTER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TELEPORTER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TELEPORTER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TELEPORTER_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_ROCK_BREAKER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_ROCK_BREAKER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_ROCK_BREAKER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_ROCK_BREAKER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY_ACTIVE.png,ycount=3
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY_ACTIVE.png,ycount=3
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY_ACTIVE.png,ycount=2
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_MULTI,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_MULTI.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_LOCKER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_LOCKER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_CHESTBUFFER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/AUTOMATION_CHESTBUFFER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_FILTER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/AUTOMATION_FILTER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_TYPEFILTER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/AUTOMATION_TYPEFILTER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_REGULATOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/AUTOMATION_REGULATOR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_SUPERBUFFER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/AUTOMATION_SUPERBUFFER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_ITEMDISTRIBUTOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/AUTOMATION_ITEMDISTRIBUTOR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_RECIPEFILTER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/AUTOMATION_RECIPEFILTER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZE_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZE_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZE_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZE_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZE_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZE_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZEBRICKS_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZEBRICKS_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZEBRICKS_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZEBRICKS_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZEBRICKS_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZEBRICKS_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_STEEL_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_STEEL_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_STEEL_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_STEEL_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_STEEL_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_STEEL_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_STEELBRICKS_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_STEELBRICKS_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_STEELBRICKS_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_STEELBRICKS_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_STEELBRICKS_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_STEELBRICKS_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/BOILER_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BOILER_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/BOILER_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BOILER_FRONT_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/BOILER_LAVA_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BOILER_LAVA_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/BOILER_LAVA_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BOILER_LAVA_FRONT_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/BOILER_SOLAR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BOILER_SOLAR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_FURNACE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_FURNACE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_FURNACE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_FURNACE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_FURNACE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_FURNACE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_FURNACE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_FURNACE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_FURNACE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_FURNACE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_FURNACE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_FURNACE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_FURNACE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_FURNACE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_FURNACE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_FURNACE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_MACERATOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_MACERATOR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_MACERATOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_MACERATOR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_MACERATOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_MACERATOR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_MACERATOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_MACERATOR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_MACERATOR_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_MACERATOR_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_MACERATOR_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_MACERATOR_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_MACERATOR_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_MACERATOR_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_MACERATOR_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_MACERATOR_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_EXTRACTOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_EXTRACTOR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_EXTRACTOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_EXTRACTOR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_EXTRACTOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_EXTRACTOR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_EXTRACTOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_EXTRACTOR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_EXTRACTOR_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_EXTRACTOR_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_EXTRACTOR_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_EXTRACTOR_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_EXTRACTOR_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_EXTRACTOR_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_EXTRACTOR_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_EXTRACTOR_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_HAMMER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_HAMMER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_HAMMER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_HAMMER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_HAMMER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_HAMMER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_HAMMER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_HAMMER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_HAMMER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_HAMMER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_HAMMER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_HAMMER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_HAMMER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_HAMMER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_HAMMER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_HAMMER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_COMPRESSOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_COMPRESSOR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_COMPRESSOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_COMPRESSOR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_COMPRESSOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_COMPRESSOR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_COMPRESSOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_COMPRESSOR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FUSION1,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FUSION1.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FUSION2,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FUSION2.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FUSION3,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FUSION3.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPELINE_FLUID_BACK,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPELINE_FLUID_BACK.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPELINE_FLUID_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPELINE_FLUID_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPELINE_ITEM_BACK,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPELINE_ITEM_BACK.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPELINE_ITEM_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPELINE_ITEM_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_IN,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_IN.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_MAINTENANCE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_MAINTENANCE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_MUFFLER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_MUFFLER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_DATA_ACCESS,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_DATA_ACCESS.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_ON_WIRELESS,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_ON_WIRELESS.png,ycount=31
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_INPUT_HATCH_2x2,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_INPUT_HATCH_2x2.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_QTANK,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_QTANK.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SCHEST,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SCHEST.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_MASSFAB,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_MASSFAB.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab_ACTIVE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_MASSFAB_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_MASSFAB_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ROCK_BREAKER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ROCK_BREAKER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ROCK_BREAKER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ROCK_BREAKER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_POTIN,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_POTIN.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TUMBAGA,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TUMBAGA.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TALONITE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TALONITE.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_dimensional_cover_orange,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/adv_machine_dimensional_cover_orange.png,ycount=16
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_logo,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_logo.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_QCHEST,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_QCHEST.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_VENT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_VENT.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/READER_OFFLINE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/READER_OFFLINE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/EM_PIPE_CONN,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_PIPE_CONN.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_EM_T_SIDES,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_EM_T_SIDES.png,ycount=8
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MUFFLER_EM_IDLE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MUFFLER_EM_IDLE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_LASER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_LASER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_LASER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_LASER.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_water,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/adv_machine_water.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/cover_discharge,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/cover_discharge.png
texture:id=mte/icons/YOTTAHatch,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/icons/YOTTAHatch.png
texture:id=mte/icons/NeutronSensorFont,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/icons/NeutronSensorFont.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_POTIONBREWER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_POTIONBREWER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_POTIONBREWER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_POTIONBREWER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD.png,xcount=2,ycount=2
texture:id=mte/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_bath/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_bath/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_heater/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_heater/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/blocks/basicmachines/plasma_arc_furnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/plasma_arc_furnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_bath/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_bath/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_heater/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_heater/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/blocks/basicmachines/plasma_arc_furnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/plasma_arc_furnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/machine_top_dieselmotor,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/machine_top_dieselmotor.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/machine_top_dieselmotor_ACTIVE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/machine_top_dieselmotor_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/machine_top_vent_rotating,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/machine_top_vent_rotating.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/machine_top_dieselmotor2,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/machine_top_dieselmotor2.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/cover_redstone_conductor,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/cover_redstone_conductor.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/machine_bottom.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/machine_top_dieselmotor2_ACTIVE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/machine_top_dieselmotor2_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2.png,ycount=16
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MULTI_SMELTER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MULTI_SMELTER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MULTI_SMELTER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MULTI_SMELTER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/gt4/machine_top_crafting.png
texture:id=mte/gt4/OVERLAY_GREEN,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/gt4/OVERLAY_GREEN.png
texture:id=mte/gt4/OVERLAY_RED,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/gt4/OVERLAY_RED.png
texture:id=mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP.png
texture:id=mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ADV_PUMP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_ADV_PUMP.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/POLLUTOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/POLLUTOR.png,xcount=2,ycount=2
texture:id=mte/iconsets/EM_DATA_CONN,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_DATA_CONN.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MARK,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MARK.png,xcount=2,ycount=2
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OWNER_OFFLINE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OWNER_OFFLINE.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Lamp/off,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Lamp/off.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/machine_side_redstone_off,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/machine_side_redstone_off.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Display/0,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Display/0.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Scale/0,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Scale/0.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/ButtonPanel/0,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/ButtonPanel/0.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/bronze_side,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/bronze_side.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/bronze_top_crafting,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/bronze_top_crafting.png
texture:id=mte/gt4/machine_side,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/gt4/machine_side.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png,ycount=8
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/BUCK,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BUCK.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ASSEMBLY_LINE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ASSEMBLY_LINE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ASSEMBLY_LINE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ASSEMBLY_LINE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_BOILER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_BOILER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_BOILER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_BOILER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_BRICKEDBLASTFURNACE_INACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_BRICKEDBLASTFURNACE_INACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_BRICKEDBLASTFURNACE_INACTIVE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_BRICKEDBLASTFURNACE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_CHEMICAL_REACTOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_CHEMICAL_REACTOR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_CHEMICAL_REACTOR_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_CHEMICAL_REACTOR_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_CLEANROOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_CLEANROOM.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_CLEANROOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_CLEANROOM_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_CRACKER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_CRACKER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_CRACKER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_CRACKER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DIESEL_ENGINE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DIESEL_ENGINE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DIESEL_ENGINE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DIESEL_ENGINE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_EXTREME_DIESEL_ENGINE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_EXTREME_DIESEL_ENGINE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_EXTREME_DIESEL_ENGINE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_EXTREME_DIESEL_ENGINE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_HEAT_EXCHANGER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_HEAT_EXCHANGER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_HEAT_EXCHANGER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_HEAT_EXCHANGER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_IMPLOSION_COMPRESSOR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_IMPLOSION_COMPRESSOR.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_IMPLOSION_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_IMPLOSION_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/LARGETURBINE_NEW5,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/LARGETURBINE_NEW5.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_DRILL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_DRILL.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_DRILL_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_DRILL_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PROCESSING_ARRAY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PROCESSING_ARRAY.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PROCESSING_ARRAY_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PROCESSING_ARRAY_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_DTPF_OFF,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_DTPF_OFF.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_DTPF_OFF_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_DTPF_ON.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PYROLYSE_OVEN,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PYROLYSE_OVEN.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PYROLYSE_OVEN_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PYROLYSE_OVEN_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_VACUUM_FREEZER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_VACUUM_FREEZER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_VACUUM_FREEZER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_VACUUM_FREEZER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_B,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_B.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED.png,ycount=10
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE.png,ycount=10
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_ZIRCONIUM_CARBIDE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_ZIRCONIUM_CARBIDE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/LARGECENTRIFUGE5,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/LARGECENTRIFUGE5.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CENTRIFUGE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_CENTRIFUGE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TANTALLOY61,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TANTALLOY61.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED.png,ycount=10
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED_ACTIVE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED_ACTIVE.png,ycount=8
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_POTIN,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_POTIN.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TUMBAGA,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TUMBAGA.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_MARAGINGSTEEL,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_MARAGINGSTEEL.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab_animated,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab_animated.png,ycount=10
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_F,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_F.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_C,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_C.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_HASTELLOY_N,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_HASTELLOY_N.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/log_acacia_top,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/log_acacia_top.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MetalPanel,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/chrono/MetalPanel.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_RED_STEEL,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_RED_STEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_GRISIUM,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_GRISIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_D,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_D.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_A,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_A.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_STELLITE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_STELLITE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/CASING_AMAZON,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/CASING_AMAZON.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TRINIUM_TITANIUM,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TRINIUM_TITANIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/TEXTURE_TECH_B,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_B.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MetalSheet8,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/chrono/MetalSheet8.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_H,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_H.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/machine_top,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/gt4/machine_top.png
texture:id=mte/blocks/LESU_CASING_0,filename=assets/bartworks/textures/blocks/LESU_CASING_0.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/LESU_CASING_0,filename=assets/bartworks/textures/blocks/LESU_CASING_0.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/TEXTURE_STONE_RED_A,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_STONE_RED_A.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROCKETDYNE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_ROCKETDYNE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ADVANCED_VOLCANUS,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_ADVANCED_VOLCANUS.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TALONITE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TALONITE.png
texture:id=chrono/MetalSheet9,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/chrono/MetalSheet9.png
texture:id=metro/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_D,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_D.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_T1,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_T1.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/Grinder/GRINDER5,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/Grinder/GRINDER5.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_T1,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_T1.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ADVANCED_CRYOGENIC,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_ADVANCED_CRYOGENIC.png
texture:id=chrono/MetalSheet,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/chrono/MetalSheet.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/dirt_podzol_top,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/dirt_podzol_top.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/dirt_podzol_top,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/dirt_podzol_top.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random1,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random1.png,ycount=16
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS_ULTRA,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS_ULTRA.png
texture:id=mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random3,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random3.png,ycount=16
texture:id=mte/icons/LargeEssentiaSmeltery_Off,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/icons/LargeEssentiaSmeltery_Off.png,xcount=2,ycount=2
texture:id=GoodGenerator/MagicCasing,filename=assets/goodgenerator/textures/blocks/MagicCasing.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/yottaFluidTankCasing_SIDE,filename=assets/goodgenerator/textures/blocks/yottaFluidTankCasing_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/icons/NeutronActivator_Off,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/icons/NeutronActivator_Off.png,ycount=5
texture:id=mte/turbines/TURBINE_05,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/icons/turbines/TURBINE_05.png,ycount=4
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/supercriticalFluidTurbineCasing,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/icons/supercriticalFluidTurbineCasing.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER.png,ycount=5
texture:id=mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE.png,ycount=5
texture:id=spaceElevator/BaseCasing,filename=assets/gtnhintergalactic/textures/blocks/spaceElevator/BaseCasing.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DYSONSPHERE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DYSONSPHERE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DYSONSPHERE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DYSONSPHERE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=dysonSwarm/ReceiverCasing_Side,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/dysonSwarm/ReceiverCasing_Side.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PLANETARYSIPHON,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PLANETARYSIPHON.png
texture:id=galaxyspace/overworld/machine,filename=assets/galaxyspace/textures/blocks/overworld/machine.png
texture:id=mte/blocks/windmill_top,filename=assets/bartworks/textures/blocks/windmill_top.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/windmill_top,filename=assets/bartworks/textures/blocks/windmill_top.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/he_dam,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/he_dam.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/he_pump_active,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/he_pump_active.png,ycount=6
texture:id=mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/he_turbine_active.png,ycount=6
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/EM_POWER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_POWER.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/EM_PC,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_PC.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/EM_PC_VENT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_PC_VENT.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/TM_TESLA_TOWER,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/TM_TESLA_TOWER.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/TM_TESLA_TOWER_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/TM_TESLA_TOWER_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/TM_TESLA_BASE_SIDES,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/TM_TESLA_BASE_SIDES.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/EM_CASING,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_CASING.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/EM_PC_ADV,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_PC_ADV.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/EM_CRAFTING,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_CRAFTING.png,ycount=8
texture:id=mte/iconsets/EM_CRAFTING_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_CRAFTING_ACTIVE.png,ycount=8
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/EM_ULTIMATE_CASING,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_ULTIMATE_CASING.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/EM_WH,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_WH.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/EM_WH_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_WH_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/iconsets/EM_DECAY,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_DECAY.png,ycount=8
texture:id=mte/iconsets/EM_DECAY_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_DECAY_ACTIVE.png,ycount=8
texture:id=mte/iconsets/EM_ANNIHILATION,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_ANNIHILATION.png,ycount=8
texture:id=mte/iconsets/EM_ANNIHILATION_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_ANNIHILATION_ACTIVE.png,ycount=8
texture:id=mte/iconsets/EM_BHG,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_BHG.png,ycount=9
texture:id=mte/iconsets/EM_BHG_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/EM_BHG_ACTIVE.png,ycount=9
texture:id=mte/iconsets/TFFT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/TFFT.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/TFFT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/TFFT_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/TFFTCasing,filename=assets/kekztech/textures/blocks/TFFTCasing.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS_YELLOW,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS_YELLOW.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADV_ASSLINE,filename=assets/ggfab/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADV_ASSLINE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADV_ASSLINE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/ggfab/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADV_ASSLINE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ME_HATCH,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_ME_HATCH.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ME_HATCH_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_ME_HATCH_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE.png
texture:id=mte/alloysmelter/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/alloy_smelter/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/alloysmelter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/alloy_smelter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/alloysmelter/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/alloy_smelter/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/alloysmelter/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/alloy_smelter/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/alloysmelter/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/alloy_smelter/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/alloysmelter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/alloy_smelter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/alloysmelter/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/alloy_smelter/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/alloysmelter/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/alloy_smelter/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/amplifab/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/amplifab/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/amplifab/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/amplifab/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/amplifab/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/amplifab/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/amplifab/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/amplifab/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/amplifab/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/amplifab/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/amplifab/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/amplifab/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/amplifab/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/amplifab/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/amplifab/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/amplifab/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/arcfurnace/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/arc_furnace/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/arcfurnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/arc_furnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/arcfurnace/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/arc_furnace/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/arcfurnace/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/arc_furnace/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/arcfurnace/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/arc_furnace/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/arcfurnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/arc_furnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/arcfurnace/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/arc_furnace/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/arcfurnace/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/arc_furnace/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/assembler/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/assembler/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/assembler/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/assembler/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/assembler/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/assembler/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/assembler/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/assembler/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/assembler/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/assembler/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/assembler/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/assembler/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/assembler/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/assembler/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/assembler/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/assembler/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/autoclave/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/autoclave/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/autoclave/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/autoclave/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/autoclave/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/autoclave/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/autoclave/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/autoclave/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/autoclave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/autoclave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/autoclave/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/autoclave/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/autoclave/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/autoclave/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/autoclave/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/autoclave/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/bender/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/bender/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/bender/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/bender/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/bender/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/bender/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/bender/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/bender/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/bender/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/bender/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/bender/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/bender/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/bender/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/bender/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/bender/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/bender/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/canner/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/canner/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/canner/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/canner/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/canner/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/canner/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/canner/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/canner/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/canner/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/canner/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/canner/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/canner/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/canner/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/canner/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/canner/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/canner/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/centrifuge/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/centrifuge/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/centrifuge/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/centrifuge/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/centrifuge/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/centrifuge/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/centrifuge/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/centrifuge/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/centrifuge/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/centrifuge/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/centrifuge/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/centrifuge/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/centrifuge/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/centrifuge/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/centrifuge/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/centrifuge/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/chemicalbath/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_bath/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/chemicalbath/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_bath/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/chemicalbath/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_bath/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/chemicalbath/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_bath/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/chemicalbath/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_bath/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/chemicalbath/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_bath/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/chemicalbath/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_bath/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/chemicalbath/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_bath/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/chemicalreactor/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/chemicalreactor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/chemicalreactor/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/chemicalreactor/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/chemicalreactor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/chemicalreactor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/chemicalreactor/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/chemicalreactor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/compressor/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/compressor/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/compressor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/compressor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/compressor/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/compressor/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/compressor/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/compressor/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/compressor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/compressor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/compressor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/compressor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/compressor/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/compressor/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/compressor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/compressor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/cutter/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/cutter/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/cutter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/cutter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/cutter/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/cutter/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/cutter/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/cutter/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/cutter/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/cutter/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/cutter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/cutter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/cutter/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/cutter/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/cutter/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/cutter/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/distillery/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/distillery/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/distillery/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/distillery/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/distillery/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/distillery/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/distillery/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/distillery/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/distillery/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/distillery/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/distillery/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/distillery/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/distillery/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/distillery/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/distillery/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/distillery/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/e_furnace/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electric_furnace/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/e_furnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electric_furnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/e_furnace/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electric_furnace/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/e_furnace/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electric_furnace/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/e_furnace/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electric_furnace/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/e_furnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electric_furnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/e_furnace/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electric_furnace/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/e_furnace/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electric_furnace/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/e_oven/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electric_oven/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/e_oven/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electric_oven/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/e_oven/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electric_oven/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/e_oven/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electric_oven/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/e_oven/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electric_oven/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/e_oven/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electric_oven/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/e_oven/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electric_oven/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/e_oven/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electric_oven/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/electromagneticseparator/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electromagnetic_separator/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/electromagneticseparator/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electromagnetic_separator/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/electromagneticseparator/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electromagnetic_separator/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/electromagneticseparator/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electromagnetic_separator/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/electromagneticseparator/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electromagnetic_separator/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/electromagneticseparator/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electromagnetic_separator/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/electromagneticseparator/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electromagnetic_separator/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/electromagneticseparator/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/electromagnetic_separator/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/extractor/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/extractor/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/extractor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/extractor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/extractor/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/extractor/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/extractor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/extractor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/extractor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/extractor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/extractor/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/extractor/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/extruder/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/extruder/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/extruder/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/extruder/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/extruder/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/extruder/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/extruder/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/extruder/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/extruder/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/extruder/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/extruder/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/extruder/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/extruder/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/extruder/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/extruder/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/extruder/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fermenter/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fermenter/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/fermenter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fermenter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/fermenter/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fermenter/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/fermenter/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fermenter/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/fermenter/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fermenter/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fermenter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fermenter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fermenter/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fermenter/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fermenter/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fermenter/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidcanner/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_canner/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/fluidcanner/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_canner/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/fluidcanner/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_canner/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/fluidcanner/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_canner/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidcanner/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_canner/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidcanner/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_canner/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidcanner/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_canner/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidcanner/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_canner/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidextractor/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/fluidextractor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/fluidextractor/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/fluidextractor/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidextractor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidextractor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidextractor/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidextractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidheater/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_heater/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/fluidheater/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_heater/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/fluidheater/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_heater/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/fluidheater/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_heater/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidheater/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_heater/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidheater/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_heater/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidheater/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_heater/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidheater/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_heater/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidsolidifier/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_solidifier/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/fluidsolidifier/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_solidifier/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/fluidsolidifier/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_solidifier/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/fluidsolidifier/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_solidifier/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidsolidifier/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_solidifier/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidsolidifier/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_solidifier/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidsolidifier/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_solidifier/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/fluidsolidifier/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_solidifier/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/hammer/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/hammer/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/hammer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/hammer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/hammer/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/hammer/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/hammer/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/hammer/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/hammer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/hammer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/hammer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/hammer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/hammer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/hammer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/hammer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/hammer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/laserengraver/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/laser_engraver/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/laserengraver/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/laser_engraver/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/laserengraver/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/laser_engraver/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/laserengraver/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/laser_engraver/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/laserengraver/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/laser_engraver/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png,ycount=8
texture:id=mte/laserengraver/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/laser_engraver/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/laserengraver/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/laser_engraver/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/laserengraver/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/laser_engraver/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/lathe/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/lathe/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/lathe/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/lathe/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/lathe/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/lathe/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/lathe/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/lathe/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/lathe/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/lathe/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/lathe/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/lathe/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/lathe/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/lathe/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/lathe/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/lathe/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/macerator/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/macerator/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/macerator/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/macerator/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/macerator/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/macerator/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/macerator/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/macerator/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/macerator/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/macerator/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/macerator/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/macerator/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/macerator/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/macerator/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/macerator/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/macerator/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/microwave/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/microwave/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/microwave/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/microwave/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/microwave/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/microwave/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/miner/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/miner/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/miner/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/miner/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/miner/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/miner/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/miner/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/miner/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/miner/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/miner/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/miner/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/miner/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/miner/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/miner/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/miner/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/miner/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/mixer/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/mixer/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/mixer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/mixer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/mixer/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/mixer/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/mixer/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/mixer/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/mixer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/mixer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/mixer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/mixer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/mixer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/mixer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/mixer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/mixer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/orewasher/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/ore_washer/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/orewasher/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/ore_washer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/orewasher/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/ore_washer/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/orewasher/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/ore_washer/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/orewasher/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/ore_washer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/orewasher/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/ore_washer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/orewasher/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/ore_washer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/orewasher/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/ore_washer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/plasmaarcfurnace/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/plasma_arc_furnace/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/plasmaarcfurnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/plasma_arc_furnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/plasmaarcfurnace/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/plasma_arc_furnace/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/plasmaarcfurnace/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/plasma_arc_furnace/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/plasmaarcfurnace/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/plasma_arc_furnace/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/plasmaarcfurnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/plasma_arc_furnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/plasmaarcfurnace/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/plasma_arc_furnace/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/plasmaarcfurnace/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/plasma_arc_furnace/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/polarizer/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/polarizer/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/polarizer/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/polarizer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/polarizer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/polarizer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/press/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/press/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/press/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/press/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/press/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/press/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/press/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/press/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/press/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/press/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/press/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/press/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/press/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/press/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/press/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/press/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/printer/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/printer/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/printer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/printer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/printer/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/printer/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/printer/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/printer/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/printer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/printer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/printer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/printer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/printer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/printer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/printer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/printer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/pulverizer/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/pulverizer/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/pulverizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/pulverizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/pulverizer/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/pulverizer/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/pulverizer/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/pulverizer/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/pulverizer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/pulverizer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/pulverizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/pulverizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/pulverizer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/pulverizer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/pulverizer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/pulverizer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/recycler/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/recycler/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/recycler/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/recycler/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/recycler/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/recycler/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/recycler/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/recycler/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/recycler/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/recycler/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/recycler/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/recycler/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/recycler/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/recycler/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/recycler/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/recycler/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/sifter/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/sifter/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/sifter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/sifter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/sifter/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/sifter/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/sifter/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/sifter/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/sifter/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/sifter/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png,ycount=4
texture:id=mte/sifter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/sifter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/sifter/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/sifter/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/sifter/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/sifter/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/slicer/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/slicer/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/slicer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/slicer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/slicer/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/slicer/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/slicer/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/slicer/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/slicer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/slicer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/slicer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/slicer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/slicer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/slicer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/slicer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/slicer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/thermalcentrifuge/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/thermal_centrifuge/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/thermalcentrifuge/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/thermal_centrifuge/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/thermalcentrifuge/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/thermal_centrifuge/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/thermalcentrifuge/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/thermal_centrifuge/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/thermalcentrifuge/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/thermal_centrifuge/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/thermalcentrifuge/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/thermal_centrifuge/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/thermalcentrifuge/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/thermal_centrifuge/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/thermalcentrifuge/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/thermal_centrifuge/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/unboxinator/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/unboxinator/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/unboxinator/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/unboxinator/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/unboxinator/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/unboxinator/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/unboxinator/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/unboxinator/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/unboxinator/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/unboxinator/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/unboxinator/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/unboxinator/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/unboxinator/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/unboxinator/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/unboxinator/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/unboxinator/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/wiremill/OVERLAY_FRONT,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/wiremill/OVERLAY_FRONT.png
texture:id=mte/wiremill/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/wiremill/OVERLAY_BOTTOM.png
texture:id=mte/wiremill/OVERLAY_TOP,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/wiremill/OVERLAY_TOP.png
texture:id=mte/wiremill/OVERLAY_SIDE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/wiremill/OVERLAY_SIDE.png
texture:id=mte/wiremill/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/wiremill/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/wiremill/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/wiremill/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/wiremill/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/wiremill/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE.png
texture:id=mte/wiremill/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/basicmachines/wiremill/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE.png

moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hull.tier.00,side=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_8V_SIDE,top=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_8V_TOP,bottom=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_8V_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hull.tier.01,side=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_LV_SIDE,top=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_LV_TOP,bottom=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_LV_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hull.tier.02,side=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MV_SIDE,top=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MV_TOP,bottom=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MV_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hull.tier.03,side=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_HV_SIDE,top=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_HV_TOP,bottom=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_HV_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hull.tier.04,side=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_EV_SIDE,top=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_EV_TOP,bottom=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_EV_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hull.tier.05,side=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_IV_SIDE,top=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_IV_TOP,bottom=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_IV_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hull.tier.06,side=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_LuV_SIDE,top=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_LuV_TOP,bottom=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_LuV_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hull.tier.07,side=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_SIDE,top=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_TOP,bottom=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_ZPM_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hull.tier.08,side=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_SIDE,top=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_TOP,bottom=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hull.tier.09
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hull.tier.10,side=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_SIDE,top=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_TOP,bottom=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UEV_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hull.tier.11,side=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_SIDE,top=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_TOP,bottom=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UIV_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hull.tier.12,side=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_SIDE,top=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_TOP,bottom=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UMV_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hull.tier.13,side=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_SIDE,top=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_TOP,bottom=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UXV_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hull.tier.14,side=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_SIDE,top=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_TOP,bottom=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MAX_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.gasturbine,side=0:mte/iconsets/GAS_TURBINE_SIDE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.gasturbine_active,side=0:mte/iconsets/GAS_TURBINE_SIDE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.diesel,top=0:mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_TOP,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.diesel_active,top=0:mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_TOP_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.steamturbine,side=0:mte/iconsets/STEAM_TURBINE_SIDE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.steamturbine_active,side=0:mte/iconsets/STEAM_TURBINE_SIDE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.magicenergyconverter,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC_FRONT,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC,top=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC,output=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.magicenergyconverter_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.magicenergyabsorber,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC_FRONT,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC,top=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_DRAGONEGG,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC,output=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.magicenergyabsorber_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MAGIC_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.lightningrod,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS,top=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.lightningrod_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.naquadah,front=0:mte/iconsets/NAQUADAH_REACTOR_SOLID_FRONT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.naquadah_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/NAQUADAH_REACTOR_SOLID_FRONT_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.plasmagenerator,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS,top=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.plasmagenerator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.boxinator,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_BOXINATOR,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.boxinator_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_BOXINATOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.scanner,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.scanner_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.rockbreaker,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ROCK_BREAKER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.rockbreaker_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ROCK_BREAKER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.disassembler,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISASSEMBLER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.disassembler_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISASSEMBLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.massfab,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MASSFAB,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.massfab_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MASSFAB_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.replicator,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_REPLICATOR,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.replicator_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_REPLICATOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.brewery,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_POTIONBREWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.brewery_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_POTIONBREWER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.pump,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PUMP,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.teleporter,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TELEPORTER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.teleporter_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TELEPORTER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.mobrep,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_REPLICATOR
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.mobrep_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_REPLICATOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.seismicprospector,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ROCK_BREAKER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_ROCK_BREAKER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.seismicprospector_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ROCK_BREAKER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_ROCK_BREAKER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.microtransmitter,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TELEPORTER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TELEPORTER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TELEPORTER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TELEPORTER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.microtransmitter_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TELEPORTER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TELEPORTER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TELEPORTER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TELEPORTER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.industrialapiary,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.industrialapiary_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_INDUSTRIAL_APIARY_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=transformer,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=batterycharger,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=locker,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_LOCKER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=automation.chestbuffer,front=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_CHESTBUFFER,side=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_CHESTBUFFER,top=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_CHESTBUFFER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_CHESTBUFFER,output=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_CHESTBUFFER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=automation.filter,front=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_FILTER,side=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_FILTER,top=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_FILTER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_FILTER,output=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_FILTER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=automation.typefilter,front=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_TYPEFILTER,side=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_TYPEFILTER,top=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_TYPEFILTER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_TYPEFILTER,output=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_TYPEFILTER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=automation.regulator,front=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_REGULATOR,side=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_REGULATOR,top=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_REGULATOR,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_REGULATOR,output=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_REGULATOR
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=automation.superbuffer,front=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_SUPERBUFFER,side=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_SUPERBUFFER,top=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_SUPERBUFFER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_SUPERBUFFER,output=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_SUPERBUFFER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=automation.itemdistributor,front=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_ITEMDISTRIBUTOR,side=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_ITEMDISTRIBUTOR,top=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_ITEMDISTRIBUTOR,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_ITEMDISTRIBUTOR,output=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_ITEMDISTRIBUTOR
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=automation.recipefilter,front=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_RECIPEFILTER,side=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_RECIPEFILTER,top=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_RECIPEFILTER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_RECIPEFILTER,output=0:mte/iconsets/AUTOMATION_RECIPEFILTER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hull.bronze,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZE_SIDE,top=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZE_TOP,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZE_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hull.bronze_bricked,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZEBRICKS_SIDE,top=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZEBRICKS_TOP,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZEBRICKS_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hull.steel,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_STEEL_SIDE,top=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_STEEL_TOP,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_STEEL_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hull.steel_bricked,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_STEELBRICKS_SIDE,top=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_STEELBRICKS_TOP,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_STEELBRICKS_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bronzemachine.blastfurnace
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bronzemachine.blastfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advdebugstructurewriter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advdebugstructurewriter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=boiler.bronze,front=0:mte/iconsets/BOILER_FRONT,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=boiler.bronze_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/BOILER_FRONT_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=boiler.steel,front=0:mte/iconsets/BOILER_FRONT,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=boiler.steel_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/BOILER_FRONT_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=boiler.lava,front=0:mte/iconsets/BOILER_LAVA_FRONT,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=boiler.lava_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/BOILER_LAVA_FRONT_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=boiler.solar,top=0:mte/iconsets/BOILER_SOLAR,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=boiler.solar_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=boiler.steel.solar,top=0:mte/iconsets/BOILER_SOLAR,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=boiler.steel.solar_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bronzemachine.furnace,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_FURNACE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_FURNACE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_FURNACE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_FURNACE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bronzemachine.furnace_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_FURNACE_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_FURNACE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_FURNACE_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_FURNACE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bronzemachine.macerator,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_MACERATOR,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_MACERATOR,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_MACERATOR,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_MACERATOR,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bronzemachine.macerator_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_MACERATOR_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_MACERATOR_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_MACERATOR_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_MACERATOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bronzemachine.extractor,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_EXTRACTOR,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_EXTRACTOR,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_EXTRACTOR,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_EXTRACTOR,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bronzemachine.extractor_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_EXTRACTOR_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_EXTRACTOR_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_EXTRACTOR_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_EXTRACTOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bronzemachine.hammer,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_HAMMER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_HAMMER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_HAMMER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_HAMMER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bronzemachine.hammer_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_HAMMER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_HAMMER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_HAMMER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_HAMMER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bronzemachine.compressor,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_COMPRESSOR,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_COMPRESSOR,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_COMPRESSOR,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_COMPRESSOR,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bronzemachine.compressor_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bronzemachine.alloysmelter,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bronzemachine.alloysmelter_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hpmachine.furnace,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_FURNACE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_FURNACE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_FURNACE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_FURNACE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hpmachine.furnace_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_FURNACE_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_FURNACE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_FURNACE_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_FURNACE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hpmachine.macerator,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_MACERATOR,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_MACERATOR,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_MACERATOR,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_MACERATOR,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hpmachine.macerator_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_MACERATOR_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_MACERATOR_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_MACERATOR_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_MACERATOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hpmachine.extractor,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_EXTRACTOR,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_EXTRACTOR,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_EXTRACTOR,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_EXTRACTOR,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hpmachine.extractor_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_EXTRACTOR_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_EXTRACTOR_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_EXTRACTOR_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_EXTRACTOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hpmachine.hammer,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_HAMMER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_HAMMER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_HAMMER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_HAMMER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hpmachine.hammer_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_HAMMER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_HAMMER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_HAMMER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_HAMMER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hpmachine.compressor,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_COMPRESSOR,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_COMPRESSOR,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_COMPRESSOR,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_COMPRESSOR,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hpmachine.compressor_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hpmachine.alloysmelter,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hpmachine.alloysmelter_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_STEAM_ALLOY_SMELTER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=fusioncomputer.tier.06,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FUSION1
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=fusioncomputer.tier.06_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=fusioncomputer.tier.07,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FUSION2
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=fusioncomputer.tier.07_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=fusioncomputer.tier.08,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FUSION3
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=fusioncomputer.tier.08_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=long.distance.pipeline.fluid,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPELINE_FLUID_FRONT,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPELINE_FLUID_BACK
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=long.distance.pipeline.item,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPELINE_ITEM_FRONT,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPELINE_ITEM_BACK
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.dynamo,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energy,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.input,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_IN
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.output,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.input_bus,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_IN
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.output_bus,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.maintenance,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_MAINTENANCE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_MAINTENANCE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.muffler,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_MUFFLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.dataaccess,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_DATA_ACCESS
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.dataaccess.adv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_DATA_ACCESS
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.dataaccess.auto,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_DATA_ACCESS
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.wireless,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_ON_WIRELESS
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.multi,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_INPUT_HATCH_2x2
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=super.tank,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_QTANK
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=super.chest,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SCHEST
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=quantum.tank,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_QTANK
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=quantum.chest,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SCHEST
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=pollutioncleaner,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB,top=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_MASSFAB,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=pollutioncleaner_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_MASSFAB_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=simplewasher,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_POTIONBREWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_POTIONBREWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_ROCK_BREAKER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ROCK_BREAKER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=simplewasher_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_POTIONBREWER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_POTIONBREWER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_ROCK_BREAKER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ROCK_BREAKER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=electricboiler.1.tier.single,front=0:mte/iconsets/BOILER_FRONT,top=0:mte/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_POTIN,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=electricboiler.1.tier.single_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/BOILER_FRONT_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_POTIN,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=electricboiler.2.tier.single,front=0:mte/iconsets/BOILER_FRONT,top=0:mte/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TUMBAGA,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=electricboiler.2.tier.single_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/BOILER_FRONT_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TUMBAGA,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=electricboiler.3.tier.single,front=0:mte/iconsets/BOILER_FRONT,top=0:mte/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TALONITE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=electricboiler.3.tier.single_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/BOILER_FRONT_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TALONITE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=energybuffer,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_dimensional_cover_orange,side=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_dimensional_cover_orange,top=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_logo,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_dimensional_cover_orange,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=energybuffer_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_dimensional_cover_orange,side=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_dimensional_cover_orange,top=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_logo,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_dimensional_cover_orange,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=protection.playersafe,top=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_VENT,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_QCHEST
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=protection.playersafe_active,top=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_VENT,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_QCHEST
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.dynamomulti04,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.dynamomulti16,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.dynamomulti64,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energymulti04,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energymulti16,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energymulti64,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.avr,front=0:mte/iconsets/READER_OFFLINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.emin,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_EM_T_SIDES,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_EM_T_SIDES,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_EM_T_SIDES,output=0:mte/iconsets/EM_PIPE_CONN
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.emout,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_EM_T_SIDES,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_EM_T_SIDES,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_EM_T_SIDES,output=0:mte/iconsets/EM_PIPE_CONN
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.emmuffler,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_EM_T_SIDES,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_EM_T_SIDES,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_EM_T_SIDES,output=0:mte/iconsets/MUFFLER_EM_IDLE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.dynamotunnel,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_LASER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energytunnel,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_LASER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.dynamotunnel1,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_LASER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energytunnel1,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_LASER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.dynamotunnel2,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_LASER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energytunnel2,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_LASER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.dynamotunnel3,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_LASER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energytunnel3,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_LASER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.dynamotunnel4,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_LASER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energytunnel4,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_LASER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.dynamotunnel5,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_LASER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energytunnel5,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_LASER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.dynamotunnel6,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_LASER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energytunnel6,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_LASER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.dynamotunnel7,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_LASER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energytunnel7,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_LASER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.superbus,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.air,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_MUFFLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.input_battery,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.output_battry,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.cryotheum,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.pyrotheum,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.naquadah,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.param,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.certain,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.datain,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.dataout,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.datainass,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.dataoutass,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.rack,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.holder,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.capacitor,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.turbine,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.control,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.milling,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.catalysts,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.steam,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.water,output=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_water
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.crafting_input.me,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.crafting_input.me.item_only,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.crafting_input.slave,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tffthatch,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=ggfab.machine.linked_input_bus,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=compressedfluidhatch,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=giantoutputhatch,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=humongousinputhatch,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.output_battery.tier.00,output=0:mte/TileEntities/cover_discharge
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.output_battery.tier.01,output=0:mte/TileEntities/cover_discharge
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=yottafluidtankhatch,output=0:mte/icons/YOTTAHatch
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=neutron_sensor,output=0:mte/icons/NeutronSensorFont
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=fluidtank,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_POTIONBREWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_POTIONBREWER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.semifluid,front=0:mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_FRONT,side=0:mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_SIDE,top=0:mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_TOP,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.semifluid_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=acidgeneratorlv,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,top=0:mte/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_FRONT,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=acidgeneratorlv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,top=0:mte/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.dehydrator,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_bath/OVERLAY_FRONT,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_heater/OVERLAY_SIDE,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/plasma_arc_furnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.dehydrator_active,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_bath/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_heater/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/plasma_arc_furnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advancedmachine.dehydrator,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_bath/OVERLAY_FRONT,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_heater/OVERLAY_SIDE,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/plasma_arc_furnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advancedmachine.dehydrator_active,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_bath/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_heater/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/plasma_arc_furnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advancedgenerator.geothermalfuel,front=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_top_dieselmotor,side=0:mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_SIDE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ROCK_BREAKER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advancedgenerator.geothermalfuel_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_top_dieselmotor_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ROCK_BREAKER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/DIESEL_GENERATOR_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advancedgenerator.rocketfuel,front=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_top_vent_rotating,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_top_dieselmotor2,top=0:mte/TileEntities/cover_redstone_conductor,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advancedgenerator.rocketfuel_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_top_vent_rotating,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_top_dieselmotor2_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/TileEntities/cover_redstone_conductor,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=pollutiondetector.01.tier.single,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=pollutiondetector.01.tier.single_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=chisel.tier.01,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MULTI_SMELTER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB,top=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=chisel.tier.01_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MULTI_SMELTER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=chisel.tier.02,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MULTI_SMELTER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB,top=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=chisel.tier.02_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MULTI_SMELTER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=chisel.tier.03,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MULTI_SMELTER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB,top=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=chisel.tier.03_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MULTI_SMELTER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_MASSFAB_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wificharger.01.tier.single,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wificharger.01.tier.single_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wificharger.02.tier.single,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wificharger.02.tier.single_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wificharger.03.tier.single,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wificharger.03.tier.single_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wificharger.04.tier.single,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wificharger.04.tier.single_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wificharger.05.tier.single,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wificharger.05.tier.single_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wificharger.06.tier.single,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wificharger.06.tier.single_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wificharger.07.tier.single,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wificharger.07.tier.single_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wificharger.08.tier.single,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wificharger.08.tier.single_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wificharger.09.tier.single,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wificharger.09.tier.single_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random2,side=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,top=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom,output=0:mte/TileEntities/machine_bottom
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.01,front=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,side=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,output=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.01_active,front=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,side=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,output=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.01,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_GREEN,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_RED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.01_active,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_GREEN,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_RED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.cropharvester.01,front=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,side=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,output=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.cropharvester.01_active,front=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,side=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,output=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.01,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.01_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.02,front=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,side=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,output=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.02_active,front=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,side=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,output=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.02,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_GREEN,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_RED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.02_active,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_GREEN,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_RED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.cropharvester.02,front=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,side=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,output=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.cropharvester.02_active,front=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,side=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,output=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.02,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.02_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.03,front=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,side=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,output=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.03_active,front=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,side=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,output=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.03,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_GREEN,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_RED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.03_active,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_GREEN,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_RED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.cropharvester.03,front=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,side=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,output=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.cropharvester.03_active,front=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,side=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,output=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.03,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.03_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.04,front=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,side=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,output=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.04_active,front=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,side=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,output=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.04,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_GREEN,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_RED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.04_active,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_GREEN,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_RED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.cropharvester.04,front=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,side=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,output=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.cropharvester.04_active,front=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,side=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,output=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.04,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.04_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.05,front=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,side=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,output=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.05_active,front=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,side=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,output=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.05,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_GREEN,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_RED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.05_active,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_GREEN,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_RED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.cropharvester.05,front=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,side=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,output=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.cropharvester.05_active,front=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,side=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,output=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.05,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.05_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.06,front=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,side=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,output=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.06_active,front=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,side=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,output=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.06,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_GREEN,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_RED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.06_active,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_GREEN,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_RED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.cropharvester.06,front=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,side=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,output=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.cropharvester.06_active,front=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,side=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,output=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.06,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.06_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.07,front=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,side=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,output=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.07_active,front=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,side=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,output=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.07,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_GREEN,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_RED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.07_active,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_GREEN,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_RED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.cropharvester.07,front=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,side=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,output=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.cropharvester.07_active,front=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,side=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,output=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.07,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.07_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.08,front=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,side=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,output=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.08_active,front=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,side=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,output=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.08,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_GREEN,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_RED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.08_active,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_GREEN,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_RED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.cropharvester.08,front=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,side=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,output=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.cropharvester.08_active,front=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,side=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP,top=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,bottom=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_BOXES,output=0:mte/gt4/OVERLAY_CROP
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.08,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.08_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ACCELERATOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.00,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=breaker.tier.00,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.01,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=breaker.tier.01,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.02,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=breaker.tier.02,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.03,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=breaker.tier.03,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.04,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=breaker.tier.04,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.05,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=breaker.tier.05,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.06,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=breaker.tier.06,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.07,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=breaker.tier.07,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.08,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=breaker.tier.08,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.09,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=breaker.tier.09,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wettransformer.tier.00,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wetransformer.tier.01,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wettransformer.tier.02,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wettransformer.tier.03,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wettransformer.tier.04,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wettransformer.tier.05,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wettransformer.tier.06,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wettransformer.tier.07,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wettransformer.tier.08,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wettransformer.tier.09,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wettransformer.tier.10,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wettransformer.tier.11,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=wettransformer.tier.12,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_POWER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=energydistributorulv,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=energydistributorlv,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=energydistributormv,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=energydistributorhv,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=energydistributorev,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=energydistributoriv,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=energydistributorluv,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=energydistributorzpm,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=energydistributoruv,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=energydistributoruhv,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=energydistributoruev,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=energydistributoruiv,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=energydistributorumv,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=energydistributoruxv,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=energydistributormax,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_IN_MULTI
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabhv,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabhv_active,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.radiohatchhv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_IN
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabev,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabev_active,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.radiohatchev,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_IN
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabiv,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabiv_active,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.radiohatchiv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_IN
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabluv,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabluv_active,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.radiohatchluv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_IN
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabzpm,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabzpm_active,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.radiohatchzpm,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_IN
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabuv,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabuv_active,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.radiohatchuv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_IN
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabuhv,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabuhv_active,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.radiohatchuhv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_IN
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabuev,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabuev_active,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.radiohatchuev,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_IN
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabuiv,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabuiv_active,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.radiohatchuiv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_IN
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabumv,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabumv_active,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.radiohatchumv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_IN
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabuxv,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabuxv_active,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.radiohatchuxv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_IN
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabmax,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.biolabmax_active,front=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/fluid_extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=bw.radiohatchmax,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_IN
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=acidgeneratormv,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_FRONT,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=acidgeneratormv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=acidgeneratorhv,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_FRONT,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=acidgeneratorhv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=acidgeneratorev,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_FRONT,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=acidgeneratorev_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,top=0:mte/blocks/basicmachines/chemical_reactor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ACIDHAZARD,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.tesla.01,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.tesla.02,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.tesla.03,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.tesla.04,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.tesla.05,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=essentia_hatchulv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=essentia_hatchlv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=essentia_hatchmv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=essentia_hatchhv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=essentia_hatchev,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=essentia_hatchiv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=essentia_hatchluv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=essentia_hatchzpm,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=essentia_hatchuv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=essentia_hatchuhv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=essentia_hatchuev,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=essentia_hatchuiv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=essentia_hatchumv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=essentia_hatchuxv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=essentia_hatchmax,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basic_cropweedpicker,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ADV_PUMP,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ADV_PUMP,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basic_cropweedpicker_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ADV_PUMP,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ADV_PUMP,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basic_crop_gene_extractor,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basic_crop_gene_extractor_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basic_crop_replicator,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basic_crop_replicator_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basic_crop_synthesiser,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basic_crop_synthesiser_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_gene_extractor_i,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_replicator_i,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_replicator_i_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_synthesiser_i,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_synthesiser_i_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_gene_extractor_ii,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_replicator_ii,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_replicator_ii_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_synthesiser_ii,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_synthesiser_ii_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_gene_extractor_iii,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_replicator_iii,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_replicator_iii_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_synthesiser_iii,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_synthesiser_iii_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_gene_extractor_iv,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_replicator_iv,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_replicator_iv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_synthesiser_iv,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_synthesiser_iv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_gene_extractor_v,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_replicator_v,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_replicator_v_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_synthesiser_v,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_synthesiser_v_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_gene_extractor_vi,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_replicator_vi,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_replicator_vi_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_synthesiser_vi,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_synthesiser_vi_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_gene_extractor_vii,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_replicator_vii,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_replicator_vii_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_synthesiser_vii,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_synthesiser_vii_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_gene_extractor_iix,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_replicator_iix,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_replicator_iix_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_synthesiser_iix,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=advanced_crop_synthesiser_iix_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_SCANNER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_SIDE_SCANNER_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_SCANNER_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_SCANNER_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=tesseract.generator,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=tesseract.terminal,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=solarreflector.simple.single,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.rtg.tier.01,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=gtplusplus.shelf.wooden,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=gtplusplus.shelf.iron,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=gtplusplus.shelf.filecabinet,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=gtplusplus.shelf.desk,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=gtplusplus.shelf.compartment,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=chunkloader.tier.01,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=chunkloader.tier.02,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=chunkloader.tier.03,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=pollutioncreator.01.tier.single,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=crate.tier.01,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=thaumcraft.gtpp.machine.01,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.gas.tier.00,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicgenerator.steam.tier.00,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=garbagecollector.01.tier.single,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=gtplusplus.shelf.large,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=debug.tt.pollutor,front=0:mte/iconsets/POLLUTOR,top=0:mte/iconsets/MUFFLER_EM_IDLE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=debug.tt.data,output=0:mte/iconsets/EM_DATA_CONN
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=debug.tt.maintenance,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_MAINTENANCE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=debug.tt.genny,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_LASER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=debug.tt.writer,output=0:mte/iconsets/MARK
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.datareader,front=0:mte/iconsets/READER_OFFLINE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.ownerdetector,front=0:mte/iconsets/OWNER_OFFLINE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=redstone.lamp,front=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Lamp/off,side=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Lamp/off,top=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Lamp/off,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Lamp/off,output=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Lamp/off
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=redstone.lamp_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Lamp/off,side=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Lamp/off,top=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Lamp/off,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Lamp/off,output=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Lamp/off
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=redstone.circuit,front=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/machine_side_redstone_off,side=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/machine_side_redstone_off,top=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/machine_side_redstone_off,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/machine_side_redstone_off,output=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/machine_side_redstone_off
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=redstone.display.strength,front=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Display/0,side=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Display/0,top=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Display/0,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Display/0,output=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Display/0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=redstone.display.scale,front=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Scale/0,side=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Scale/0,top=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Scale/0,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Scale/0,output=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/Scale/0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=redstone.button.panel,front=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/ButtonPanel/0,side=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/ButtonPanel/0,top=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/ButtonPanel/0,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/ButtonPanel/0,output=0:mte/TileEntities/gt4/redstone/ButtonPanel/0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=workbench.basic,front=0:mte/TileEntities/bronze_side,side=0:mte/TileEntities/bronze_side,top=0:mte/TileEntities/bronze_top_crafting,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=workbench.advanced,front=0:mte/gt4/machine_side,side=0:mte/gt4/machine_side,top=0:mte/gt4/machine_top_crafting,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=coldtrap.tier.01,front=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_TOP,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=coldtrap.tier.01_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=coldtrap.tier.02,front=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_TOP,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=coldtrap.tier.02_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorColdTrap/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=rpu.tier.01,front=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_TOP,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=rpu.tier.01_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=rpu.tier.02,front=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_TOP,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=rpu.tier.02_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/TileEntities/ReactorProcessingUnit/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=steamcondensor.01.tier.single,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_POTIONBREWER,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_VENT,top=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_VENT,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_VENT,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=steamcondensor.01.tier.single_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_POTIONBREWER_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_VENT,top=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_VENT,bottom=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_VENT,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=computer.cube,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=neutron_accelerator_ulv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=neutron_accelerator_lv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=neutron_accelerator_mv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=neutron_accelerator_hv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=neutron_accelerator_ev,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=neutron_accelerator_iv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=neutron_accelerator_luv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=neutron_accelerator_zpm,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=neutron_accelerator_uv,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.buck.05,front=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK,output=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.buck.05_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.buck.06,front=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK,output=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.buck.06_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.buck.07,front=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK,output=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.buck.07_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.buck.08,front=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK,output=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.buck.08_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.buck.09,front=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK,output=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.buck.09_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.buck.10,front=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK,output=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.buck.10_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.buck.11,front=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK,output=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.buck.11_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.buck.12,front=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK,output=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.buck.12_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.buck.13,front=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK,output=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=machine.tt.buck.13_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/BUCK_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=ev_lplaser_converter_32,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=ev_lplaser_hatch_32,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=ev_lplaser_dynamo_32,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=ev_lplaser_converter_64,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=ev_lplaser_hatch_64,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=ev_lplaser_dynamo_64,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=ev_lplaser_converter_96,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=ev_lplaser_hatch_96,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=ev_lplaser_dynamo_96,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=ev_lplaser_converter_128,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=ev_lplaser_hatch_128,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=ev_lplaser_dynamo_128,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=iv_lplaser_converter_32,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=iv_lplaser_hatch_32,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=iv_lplaser_dynamo_32,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=iv_lplaser_converter_64,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=iv_lplaser_hatch_64,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=iv_lplaser_dynamo_64,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=iv_lplaser_converter_96,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=iv_lplaser_hatch_96,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=iv_lplaser_dynamo_96,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=iv_lplaser_converter_128,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=iv_lplaser_hatch_128,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=iv_lplaser_dynamo_128,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=luv_lplaser_converter_32,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=luv_lplaser_hatch_32,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=luv_lplaser_dynamo_32,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=luv_lplaser_converter_64,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=luv_lplaser_hatch_64,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=luv_lplaser_dynamo_64,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=luv_lplaser_converter_96,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=luv_lplaser_hatch_96,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=luv_lplaser_dynamo_96,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=luv_lplaser_converter_128,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=luv_lplaser_hatch_128,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=luv_lplaser_dynamo_128,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=zpm_lplaser_converter_32,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=zpm_lplaser_hatch_32,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=zpm_lplaser_dynamo_32,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=zpm_lplaser_converter_64,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=zpm_lplaser_hatch_64,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=zpm_lplaser_dynamo_64,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=zpm_lplaser_converter_96,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=zpm_lplaser_hatch_96,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=zpm_lplaser_dynamo_96,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=zpm_lplaser_converter_128,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=zpm_lplaser_hatch_128,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=zpm_lplaser_dynamo_128,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.04,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.04,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.04,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.05,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.05,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.05,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.06,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.06,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.06,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.07,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.07,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.07,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.08,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.08,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.08,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.09,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.09,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.09,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.10,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.10,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.10,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.11,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.11,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.11,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.12,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.12,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.12,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.13,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.13,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.13,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.14,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.14,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.14,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelesstunnel1.tier.13,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelesstunnel2.tier.13,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelesstunnel3.tier.13,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelesstunnel4.tier.13,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelesstunnel5.tier.13,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelesstunnel6.tier.13,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.energywirelesstunnel7.tier.13,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.chisel.tier.00,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.chisel.tier.01,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.chisel.tier.02,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.chisel.tier.03,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=hatch.chisel.tier.04,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.assemblyline,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ASSEMBLY_LINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.assemblyline_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ASSEMBLY_LINE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.blastfurnace,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.blastfurnace_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.boiler.bronze,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_BOILER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.boiler.bronze_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_BOILER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.boiler.steel,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_BOILER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.boiler.steel_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_BOILER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.boiler.titanium,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_BOILER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.boiler.titanium_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_BOILER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.boiler.tungstensteel,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_BOILER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.boiler.tungstensteel_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_BOILER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.brickedblastfurnace,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_BRICKEDBLASTFURNACE_INACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.brickedblastfurnace_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_BRICKEDBLASTFURNACE_INACTIVE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.charcoalpile,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ROCK_BREAKER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.charcoalpile_active,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ROCK_BREAKER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.chemicalreactor,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_CHEMICAL_REACTOR
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.chemicalreactor_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_CHEMICAL_REACTOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.cleanroom,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_CLEANROOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.cleanroom_active,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_CLEANROOM_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.concretebackfiller1,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.concretebackfiller1_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.concretebackfiller3,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.concretebackfiller3_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.cracker,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_CRACKER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.cracker_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_CRACKER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.dieselengine,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DIESEL_ENGINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.dieselengine_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DIESEL_ENGINE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.distillationtower,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.distillationtower_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.extremedieselengine,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_EXTREME_DIESEL_ENGINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.extremedieselengine_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_EXTREME_DIESEL_ENGINE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.heatexchanger,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_HEAT_EXCHANGER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.heatexchanger_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_HEAT_EXCHANGER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.implosioncompressor,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_IMPLOSION_COMPRESSOR
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.implosioncompressor_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_IMPLOSION_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largeadvancedgasturbine,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGETURBINE_NEW5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largeadvancedgasturbine_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGETURBINE_NEW5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largegasturbine,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGETURBINE_NEW5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largegasturbine_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGETURBINE_NEW5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largeturbine,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGETURBINE_NEW5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largeturbine_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGETURBINE_NEW5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largehpturbine,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGETURBINE_NEW5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largehpturbine_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGETURBINE_NEW5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largeplasmaturbine,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGETURBINE_NEW5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largeplasmaturbine_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGETURBINE_NEW5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.multifurnace,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MULTI_SMELTER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.multifurnace_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MULTI_SMELTER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.nanoforge,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ASSEMBLY_LINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.nanoforge_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ASSEMBLY_LINE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oildrill1,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_DRILL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oildrill1_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_DRILL_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oildrill2,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_DRILL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oildrill2_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_DRILL_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oildrill3,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_DRILL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oildrill3_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_DRILL_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oildrill4,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_DRILL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oildrill4_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_DRILL_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oildrillinfinite,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_DRILL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oildrillinfinite_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_DRILL_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oredrill1,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oredrill1_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oredrill2,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oredrill2_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oredrill3,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oredrill3_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oredrill4,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oredrill4_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oreprocessor,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PROCESSING_ARRAY
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.oreprocessor_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PROCESSING_ARRAY_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.pcbfactory,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ASSEMBLY_LINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.pcbfactory_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ASSEMBLY_LINE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.plasmaforge,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_DTPF_OFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.plasmaforge_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_DTPF_OFF_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.processingarray,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PROCESSING_ARRAY
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.processingarray_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PROCESSING_ARRAY_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.pyro,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PYROLYSE_OVEN
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.pyro_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PYROLYSE_OVEN_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.transcendentplasmamixer,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_DTPF_OFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.transcendentplasmamixer_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_DTPF_OFF_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.vacuumfreezer,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_VACUUM_FREEZER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.vacuumfreezer_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_VACUUM_FREEZER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrial.fishpond.controller.tier.single,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_VACUUM_FREEZER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrial.fishpond.controller.tier.single_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_VACUUM_FREEZER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialsalloyamelter.controller.tier.mega,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialsalloyamelter.controller.tier.mega_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialcentrifuge,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGECENTRIFUGE5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialcentrifuge_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGECENTRIFUGE5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialcokeoven,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialcokeoven_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialbender,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialbender_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialelectrolyzer,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialelectrolyzer_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialmacerator,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialmacerator_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialwiremill,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialwiremill_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialmassfab,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab_animated
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialmassfab_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab_animated
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialsalloyamelter,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialsalloyamelter_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialmixer,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialmixer_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialrefinery,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MULTI_SMELTER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialrefinery_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MULTI_SMELTER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.treefarm,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.treefarm_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialsifter,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialsifter_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialthermalcentrifuge,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialthermalcentrifuge_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialwashplant,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialwashplant_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialextruder,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialextruder_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialmultimachine,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialmultimachine_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialarcfurnace,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialarcfurnace_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.solartower,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.solartower_active,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.amazonprime,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.amazonprime_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.generatorarray,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.generatorarray_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialcuttingmachine,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialcuttingmachine_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.algaefarm,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.algaefarm_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.chemicalplant,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.chemicalplant_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialalloysmelter,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MULTI_SMELTER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialalloysmelter_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_MULTI_SMELTER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.multimachine.sparge,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.multimachine.sparge_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialrockcrusher,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialrockcrusher_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.moleculartransformer,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.moleculartransformer_active,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialhammer,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialhammer_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialfluidheater,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.industrialfluidheater_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.quantumforcetransformer,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.quantumforcetransformer_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largerturbine,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGECENTRIFUGE5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largerturbine_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGECENTRIFUGE5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largerhpturbine,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGECENTRIFUGE5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largerhpturbine_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGECENTRIFUGE5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largergasturbine,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGECENTRIFUGE5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largergasturbine_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGECENTRIFUGE5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largerplasmaturbine,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGECENTRIFUGE5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largerplasmaturbine_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGECENTRIFUGE5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largerscturbine,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGECENTRIFUGE5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largerscturbine_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/LARGECENTRIFUGE5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.megadistillationtower,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.megadistillationtower_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.megachemicalreactor,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_CHEMICAL_REACTOR
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.megachemicalreactor_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_LARGE_CHEMICAL_REACTOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.megaoilcracker,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_CRACKER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.megaoilcracker_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_CRACKER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.megablastfurnace,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.megablastfurnace_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.megavacuumfreezer,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_VACUUM_FREEZER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.megavacuumfreezer_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_VACUUM_FREEZER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.lesu,front=0:mte/blocks/LESU_CASING_0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.lesu_active,front=0:mte/blocks/LESU_CASING_0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.thtr,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_HEAT_EXCHANGER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.thtr_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_HEAT_EXCHANGER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.htgr,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_HEAT_EXCHANGER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.htgr_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_HEAT_EXCHANGER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.eig,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.eig_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.multimachine.adv.vacuumfurnace,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.multimachine.adv.vacuumfurnace_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.rocketengine,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.rocketengine_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.multimachine.adv.implosioncompressor,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.multimachine.adv.implosioncompressor_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.multimachine.adv.blastfurnace,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.multimachine.adv.blastfurnace_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.reallybigheatexchanger,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.reallybigheatexchanger_active,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.steam.compressor,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_COMPRESSOR
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.steam.compressor_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_STEAM_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.steam.macerator,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_MACERATOR
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.steam.macerator_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_TOP_STEAM_MACERATOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.adv.chisel,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.adv.chisel_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.replicator,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.replicator_active,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.sparge.controller.single,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.sparge.controller.single_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.flotationcell,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.flotationcell_active,top=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.isamill,front=0:mte/iconsets/Grinder/GRINDER5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.isamill_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/Grinder/GRINDER5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.semifluidgenerator,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DIESEL_ENGINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.semifluidgenerator_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DIESEL_ENGINE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.multimachine.adv.distillationtower,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.multimachine.adv.distillationtower_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.multimachine.adv.industrialfreezer,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.multimachine.adv.industrialfreezer_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.substation.01.input.single,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISASSEMBLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.substation.01.input.single_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISASSEMBLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.lftr.controller.single,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_REPLICATOR
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.lftr.controller.single_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_REPLICATOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.treefarmer.structural,front=0:mte/TileEntities/dirt_podzol_top
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.treefarmer.structural_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/dirt_podzol_top
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.cyclotron.tier.single,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab_animated
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.cyclotron.tier.single_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_matterfab_animated
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.gtplusplus.thermal.boiler,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.gtplusplus.thermal.boiler_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADVANCED_MULTIBLOCK_ANIMATED_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.gtplusplus.autocrafter.multi,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISASSEMBLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.gtplusplus.autocrafter.multi_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISASSEMBLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.fusioncomputer.tier.09,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random1
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.fusioncomputer.tier.09_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random1
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.multimachine.telsatower,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.multimachine.telsatower_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largefusioncomputer1,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FUSION1
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largefusioncomputer1_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FUSION1
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largefusioncomputer2,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FUSION2
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largefusioncomputer2_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FUSION2
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largefusioncomputer3,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FUSION3
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largefusioncomputer3_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FUSION3
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largefusioncomputer4,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random3
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largefusioncomputer4_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random3
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largefusioncomputer5,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random1
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largefusioncomputer5_active,front=0:mte/TileEntities/adv_machine_screen_random1
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.extremeheatexchanger,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_HEAT_EXCHANGER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.extremeheatexchanger_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_HEAT_EXCHANGER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.coolanttower,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_HEAT_EXCHANGER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.coolanttower_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_HEAT_EXCHANGER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.componentassemblyline,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PROCESSING_ARRAY
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.componentassemblyline_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PROCESSING_ARRAY_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largeessentiasmeltery,front=0:mte/icons/LargeEssentiaSmeltery_Off
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largeessentiasmeltery_active,front=0:mte/icons/LargeEssentiaSmeltery_Off
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.preciseassembler,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_QCHEST
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.preciseassembler_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_QCHEST
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.yottafluidtank,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_QTANK
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.yottafluidtank_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_QTANK
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.neutronactivator,front=0:mte/icons/NeutronActivator_Off
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.neutronactivator_active,front=0:mte/icons/NeutronActivator_Off
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largeessentiagenerator,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_DRAGONEGG
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.largeessentiagenerator_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_DRAGONEGG
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.supercriticalsteamturbine,front=0:mte/turbines/TURBINE_05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.supercriticalsteamturbine_active,front=0:mte/turbines/TURBINE_05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.universalchemicalfuelengine,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DIESEL_ENGINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.universalchemicalfuelengine_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DIESEL_ENGINE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.frf,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ASSEMBLY_LINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.frf_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ASSEMBLY_LINE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.nag,front=0:mte/iconsets/NAQUADAH_REACTOR_SOLID_FRONT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.nag_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/NAQUADAH_REACTOR_SOLID_FRONT_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.airfilter.01,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DIESEL_ENGINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.airfilter.01_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DIESEL_ENGINE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.airfilter.02,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DIESEL_ENGINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.airfilter.02_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DIESEL_ENGINE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.airfilter.03,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DIESEL_ENGINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.airfilter.03_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DIESEL_ENGINE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.spaceelevator,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.spaceelevator_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmoduleassemblert1,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmoduleassemblert1_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmoduleassemblert2,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmoduleassemblert2_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmoduleassemblert3,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmoduleassemblert3_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmoduleminert1,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmoduleminert1_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmoduleminert2,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmoduleminert2_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmoduleminert3,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmoduleminert3_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmodulepumpt1,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmodulepumpt1_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmodulepumpt2,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmodulepumpt2_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmodulepumpt3,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmodulepumpt3_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmodulemanager,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmodulemanager_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmoduleresearch,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.projectmoduleresearch_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.dysonswarm,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DYSONSPHERE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.dysonswarm_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DYSONSPHERE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.planetarygassiphon,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PLANETARYSIPHON
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.planetarygassiphon_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_PLANETARYSIPHON
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.extremeapiary,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.extremeapiary_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.exterminationchamber,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.exterminationchamber_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.extremegreenhouse,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.extremegreenhouse_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.bw.manualtrafo,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.bw.manualtrafo_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.bw.windmill,front=0:mte/blocks/windmill_top
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.bw.windmill_active,front=0:mte/blocks/windmill_top
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.bw.biovat,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.bw.biovat_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_DISTILLATION_TOWER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.dehp,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.dehp_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.electricimplosioncompressor,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_IMPLOSION_COMPRESSOR
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.electricimplosioncompressor_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_IMPLOSION_COMPRESSOR_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.circuitassemblyline,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ASSEMBLY_LINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.circuitassemblyline_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ASSEMBLY_LINE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.voidminer1,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.voidminer1_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.voidminer2,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.voidminer2_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.voidminer3,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.voidminer3_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ORE_DRILL_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_dam,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_dam
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_dam_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_dam
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_lv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_lv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_lv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_lv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_mv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_mv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_mv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_mv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_hv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_hv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_hv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_hv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_ev,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_ev_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_ev,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_ev_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_iv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_iv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_iv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_iv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_luv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_luv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_luv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_luv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_zpm,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_zpm_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_zpm,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_zpm_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_uv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_uv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_uv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_uv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_uhv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_uhv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_uhv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_uhv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_uev,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_uev_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_uev,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_uev_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_uiv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_uiv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_uiv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_uiv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_umv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_umv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_umv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_umv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_uxv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_uxv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_uxv,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_uxv_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_max,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_pump_max_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_max,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.he_turbine_max_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/he_turbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.transformer,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.transformer_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.switch,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.switch_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.computer,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.computer_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.tm.microwave,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.tm.microwave_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ELECTRIC_BLAST_FURNACE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.databank,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.databank_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.tm.teslacoil,front=0:mte/iconsets/TM_TESLA_TOWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.tm.teslacoil_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/TM_TESLA_TOWER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.junction,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.junction_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.mattertoem,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.mattertoem_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.emtomatter,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.emtomatter_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.essentiatoem,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.essentiatoem_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.emtoessentia,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.emtoessentia_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.scanner,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.scanner_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.research,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.research_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.collider,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.collider_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.infuser,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.infuser_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.processing,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.processing_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.crafter,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CRAFTING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.crafter_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CRAFTING_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.stabilizer,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.stabilizer_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_CONTROLLER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.wormhole,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_WH
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.wormhole_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_WH_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.decay,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_DECAY
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.decay_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_DECAY_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.annihilation,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_ANNIHILATION
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.annihilation_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_ANNIHILATION_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.eye_of_harmony,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_BHG
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.em.eye_of_harmony_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/EM_BHG_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.digester,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_CRACKER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.digester_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_CRACKER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.dissolution_tank,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_CRACKER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.dissolution_tank_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_OIL_CRACKER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.fuelcellmk1,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_HEAT_EXCHANGER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.fuelcellmk1_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_HEAT_EXCHANGER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.fuelcellmk2,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_HEAT_EXCHANGER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.fuelcellmk2_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_HEAT_EXCHANGER_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.tfft,front=0:mte/iconsets/TFFT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.tfft_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/TFFT_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.supercapacitor,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS_YELLOW
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.supercapacitor_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS_YELLOW
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.ggfab.machine.adv_assline,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADV_ASSLINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.ggfab.machine.adv_assline_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_FRONT_ADV_ASSLINE_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.mxrandomlargemolecularassembler,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ME_HATCH
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=multimachine.mxrandomlargemolecularassembler_active,front=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_ME_HATCH_ACTIVE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.alloysmelter,front=0:mte/alloysmelter/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/alloysmelter/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/alloysmelter/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/alloysmelter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.alloysmelter_active,front=0:mte/alloysmelter/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/alloysmelter/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/alloysmelter/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/alloysmelter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.amplifab,front=0:mte/amplifab/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/amplifab/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/amplifab/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/amplifab/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.amplifab_active,front=0:mte/amplifab/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/amplifab/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/amplifab/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/amplifab/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.arcfurnace,front=0:mte/arcfurnace/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/arcfurnace/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/arcfurnace/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/arcfurnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.arcfurnace_active,front=0:mte/arcfurnace/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/arcfurnace/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/arcfurnace/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/arcfurnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.assembler,front=0:mte/assembler/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/assembler/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/assembler/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/assembler/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.assembler_active,front=0:mte/assembler/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/assembler/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/assembler/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/assembler/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.autoclave,front=0:mte/autoclave/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/autoclave/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/autoclave/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/autoclave/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.autoclave_active,front=0:mte/autoclave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/autoclave/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/autoclave/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/autoclave/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.bender,front=0:mte/bender/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/bender/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/bender/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/bender/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.bender_active,front=0:mte/bender/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/bender/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/bender/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/bender/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.canner,front=0:mte/canner/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/canner/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/canner/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/canner/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.canner_active,front=0:mte/canner/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/canner/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/canner/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/canner/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.centrifuge,front=0:mte/centrifuge/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/centrifuge/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/centrifuge/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/centrifuge/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.centrifuge_active,front=0:mte/centrifuge/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/centrifuge/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/centrifuge/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/centrifuge/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.chemicalbath,front=0:mte/chemicalbath/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/chemicalbath/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/chemicalbath/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/chemicalbath/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.chemicalbath_active,front=0:mte/chemicalbath/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/chemicalbath/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/chemicalbath/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/chemicalbath/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.chemicalreactor,front=0:mte/chemicalreactor/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/chemicalreactor/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/chemicalreactor/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/chemicalreactor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.chemicalreactor_active,front=0:mte/chemicalreactor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/chemicalreactor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/chemicalreactor/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/chemicalreactor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.circuitassembler,front=0:mte/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.circuitassembler_active,front=0:mte/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/circuitassembler/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.compressor,front=0:mte/compressor/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/compressor/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/compressor/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/compressor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.compressor_active,front=0:mte/compressor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/compressor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/compressor/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/compressor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.cutter,front=0:mte/cutter/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/cutter/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/cutter/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/cutter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.cutter_active,front=0:mte/cutter/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/cutter/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/cutter/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/cutter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.distillery,front=0:mte/distillery/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/distillery/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/distillery/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/distillery/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.distillery_active,front=0:mte/distillery/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/distillery/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/distillery/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/distillery/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.e_furnace,front=0:mte/e_furnace/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/e_furnace/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/e_furnace/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/e_furnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.e_furnace_active,front=0:mte/e_furnace/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/e_furnace/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/e_furnace/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/e_furnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.e_oven,front=0:mte/e_oven/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/e_oven/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/e_oven/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/e_oven/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.e_oven_active,front=0:mte/e_oven/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/e_oven/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/e_oven/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/e_oven/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.electrolyzer,front=0:mte/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.electrolyzer_active,front=0:mte/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/electrolyzer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator,front=0:mte/electromagneticseparator/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/electromagneticseparator/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/electromagneticseparator/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/electromagneticseparator/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator_active,front=0:mte/electromagneticseparator/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/electromagneticseparator/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/electromagneticseparator/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/electromagneticseparator/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.extractor,front=0:mte/extractor/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/extractor/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/extractor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.extractor_active,front=0:mte/extractor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/extractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/extractor/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/extractor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.extruder,front=0:mte/extruder/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/extruder/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/extruder/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/extruder/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.extruder_active,front=0:mte/extruder/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/extruder/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/extruder/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/extruder/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.fermenter,front=0:mte/fermenter/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/fermenter/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/fermenter/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/fermenter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.fermenter_active,front=0:mte/fermenter/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/fermenter/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/fermenter/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/fermenter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.fluidcanner,front=0:mte/fluidcanner/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/fluidcanner/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/fluidcanner/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/fluidcanner/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.fluidcanner_active,front=0:mte/fluidcanner/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/fluidcanner/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/fluidcanner/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/fluidcanner/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.fluidextractor,front=0:mte/fluidextractor/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/fluidextractor/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/fluidextractor/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/fluidextractor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.fluidextractor_active,front=0:mte/fluidextractor/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/fluidextractor/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/fluidextractor/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/fluidextractor/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.fluidheater,front=0:mte/fluidheater/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/fluidheater/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/fluidheater/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/fluidheater/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.fluidheater_active,front=0:mte/fluidheater/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/fluidheater/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/fluidheater/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/fluidheater/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier,front=0:mte/fluidsolidifier/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/fluidsolidifier/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/fluidsolidifier/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/fluidsolidifier/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier_active,front=0:mte/fluidsolidifier/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/fluidsolidifier/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/fluidsolidifier/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/fluidsolidifier/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.hammer,front=0:mte/hammer/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/hammer/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/hammer/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/hammer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.hammer_active,front=0:mte/hammer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/hammer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/hammer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/hammer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.laserengraver,front=0:mte/laserengraver/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/laserengraver/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/laserengraver/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/laserengraver/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.laserengraver_active,front=0:mte/laserengraver/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/laserengraver/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/laserengraver/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/laserengraver/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.lathe,front=0:mte/lathe/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/lathe/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/lathe/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/lathe/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.lathe_active,front=0:mte/lathe/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/lathe/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/lathe/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/lathe/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.macerator,front=0:mte/macerator/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/macerator/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/macerator/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/macerator/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.macerator_active,front=0:mte/macerator/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/macerator/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/macerator/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/macerator/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.microwave,front=0:mte/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/microwave/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/microwave/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/microwave/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.microwave_active,front=0:mte/microwave/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/microwave/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/microwave/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/microwave/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.miner,front=0:mte/miner/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/miner/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/miner/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/miner/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.miner_active,front=0:mte/miner/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/miner/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/miner/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/miner/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.mixer,front=0:mte/mixer/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/mixer/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/mixer/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/mixer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.mixer_active,front=0:mte/mixer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/mixer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/mixer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/mixer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.orewasher,front=0:mte/orewasher/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/orewasher/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/orewasher/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/orewasher/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.orewasher_active,front=0:mte/orewasher/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/orewasher/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/orewasher/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/orewasher/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace,front=0:mte/plasmaarcfurnace/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/plasmaarcfurnace/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/plasmaarcfurnace/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/plasmaarcfurnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace_active,front=0:mte/plasmaarcfurnace/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/plasmaarcfurnace/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/plasmaarcfurnace/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/plasmaarcfurnace/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.polarizer,front=0:mte/polarizer/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/polarizer/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/polarizer/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.polarizer_active,front=0:mte/polarizer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/polarizer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/polarizer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/polarizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.press,front=0:mte/press/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/press/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/press/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/press/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.press_active,front=0:mte/press/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/press/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/press/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/press/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.printer,front=0:mte/printer/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/printer/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/printer/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/printer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.printer_active,front=0:mte/printer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/printer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/printer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/printer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.pulverizer,front=0:mte/pulverizer/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/pulverizer/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/pulverizer/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/pulverizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.pulverizer_active,front=0:mte/pulverizer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/pulverizer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/pulverizer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/pulverizer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.recycler,front=0:mte/recycler/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/recycler/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/recycler/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/recycler/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.recycler_active,front=0:mte/recycler/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/recycler/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/recycler/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/recycler/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.sifter,front=0:mte/sifter/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/sifter/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/sifter/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/sifter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.sifter_active,front=0:mte/sifter/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/sifter/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/sifter/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/sifter/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.slicer,front=0:mte/slicer/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/slicer/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/slicer/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/slicer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.slicer_active,front=0:mte/slicer/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/slicer/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/slicer/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/slicer/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge,front=0:mte/thermalcentrifuge/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/thermalcentrifuge/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/thermalcentrifuge/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/thermalcentrifuge/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge_active,front=0:mte/thermalcentrifuge/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/thermalcentrifuge/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/thermalcentrifuge/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/thermalcentrifuge/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.unboxinator,front=0:mte/unboxinator/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/unboxinator/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/unboxinator/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/unboxinator/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.unboxinator_active,front=0:mte/unboxinator/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/unboxinator/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/unboxinator/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/unboxinator/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.wiremill,front=0:mte/wiremill/OVERLAY_FRONT,side=0:mte/wiremill/OVERLAY_SIDE,top=0:mte/wiremill/OVERLAY_TOP,bottom=0:mte/wiremill/OVERLAY_BOTTOM,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=iconset,name=basicmachine.wiremill_active,front=0:mte/wiremill/OVERLAY_FRONT_ACTIVE,side=0:mte/wiremill/OVERLAY_SIDE_ACTIVE,top=0:mte/wiremill/OVERLAY_TOP_ACTIVE,bottom=0:mte/wiremill/OVERLAY_BOTTOM_ACTIVE,output=0:mte/iconsets/OVERLAY_PIPE

moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1,baseset=hull.bronze
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2,baseset=hull.bronze_bricked
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=3,baseset=hull.steel
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4,baseset=hull.steel_bricked
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10,baseset=hull.tier.00
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12,baseset=hull.tier.02
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=13,baseset=hull.tier.03
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=14,baseset=hull.tier.04
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15,baseset=hull.tier.05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16,baseset=hull.tier.06
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17,baseset=hull.tier.07
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=18,baseset=hull.tier.08
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=19,baseset=hull.tier.09
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=20,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=21,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=22,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=23,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=24,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=25,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=26,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=27,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=28,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=33,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=34,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=35,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=36,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=37,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=38,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=39,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=40,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.energy,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=41,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.energy,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=42,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=hatch.energy,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=43,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=hatch.energy,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=44,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.energy,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=45,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.energy,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=46,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.energy,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=47,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.energy,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=48,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.energy,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=49,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.energy,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=50,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.input,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=51,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.input,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=52,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=hatch.input,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=53,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=hatch.input,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=54,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.input,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=55,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.input,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=56,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.input,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=57,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.input,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=58,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.input,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=59,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.input,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=60,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.output,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=61,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.output,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=62,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=hatch.output,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=63,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=hatch.output,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=64,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.output,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=65,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.output,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=66,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.output,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=67,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.output,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=68,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.output,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=69,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.output,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=70,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.input_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=71,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.input_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=72,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=hatch.input_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=73,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=hatch.input_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=74,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.input_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=75,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.input_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=76,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.input_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=77,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.input_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=78,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.input_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=79,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.input_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=80,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.output_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=81,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.output_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=82,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=hatch.output_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=83,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=hatch.output_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=84,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.output_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=85,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.output_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=86,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.output_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=87,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.output_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=88,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.output_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=89,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.output_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=90,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.maintenance,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=91,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.muffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=92,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=hatch.muffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=93,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=hatch.muffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=94,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.muffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=95,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.muffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=96,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.muffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=97,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.muffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=98,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.muffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=99,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.muffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=100,iconset=boiler.bronze,baseset=hull.bronze_bricked
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=101,iconset=boiler.steel,baseset=hull.steel_bricked
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=102,iconset=boiler.lava,baseset=hull.steel_bricked
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=103,iconset=bronzemachine.furnace,baseset=hull.bronze
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=104,iconset=hpmachine.furnace,baseset=hull.steel
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=105,iconset=boiler.solar,baseset=hull.bronze_bricked
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=106,iconset=bronzemachine.macerator,baseset=hull.bronze
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=107,iconset=hpmachine.macerator,baseset=hull.steel
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=108,iconset=bronzemachine.blastfurnace,baseset=hull.bronze
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=109,iconset=bronzemachine.extractor,baseset=hull.bronze
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=110,iconset=hpmachine.extractor,baseset=hull.steel
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=111,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.maintenance,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=112,iconset=bronzemachine.hammer,baseset=hull.bronze
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=113,iconset=hpmachine.hammer,baseset=hull.steel
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=114,iconset=boiler.steel.solar,baseset=hull.steel_bricked
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=115,iconset=bronzemachine.compressor,baseset=hull.bronze
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=116,iconset=hpmachine.compressor,baseset=hull.steel
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=118,iconset=bronzemachine.alloysmelter,baseset=hull.bronze_bricked
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=119,iconset=hpmachine.alloysmelter,baseset=hull.steel_bricked
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=120,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=quantum.tank
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=121,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=quantum.tank
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=122,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=quantum.tank
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=123,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=quantum.tank
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=124,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=quantum.tank
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=125,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=quantum.chest
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=126,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=quantum.chest
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=127,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=quantum.chest
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=128,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=quantum.chest
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=129,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=quantum.chest
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=130,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=super.tank
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=131,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=super.tank
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=132,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=super.tank
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=133,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=super.tank
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=134,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=super.tank
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=135,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=super.chest
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=136,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=super.chest
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=137,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=super.chest
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=138,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=super.chest
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=139,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=super.chest
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=140,iconset=multimachine.brickedblastfurnace,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.brickedblastfurnace_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_DENSEBRICKS
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=141,iconset=multimachine.oildrill2,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.oildrill2_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=142,iconset=multimachine.oildrill3,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.oildrill3_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=143,iconset=multimachine.concretebackfiller1,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.concretebackfiller1_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_SOLID_STEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=144,iconset=multimachine.concretebackfiller3,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.concretebackfiller3_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=145,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.dataaccess,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=146,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.dataaccess,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=147,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.dataaccess,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=148,iconset=multimachine.oildrillinfinite,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.oildrillinfinite_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MINING_NEUTRONIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=149,iconset=multimachine.oildrill4,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.oildrill4_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=150,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=locker
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=151,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=locker
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=152,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=locker
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=153,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=locker
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=154,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=locker
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=155,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=locker
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=156,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=locker
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=157,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=locker
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=158,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=locker
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=159,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=locker
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=160,baseset=hull.tier.00
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=161,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=162,baseset=hull.tier.02
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=163,baseset=hull.tier.03
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=164,baseset=hull.tier.04
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=165,baseset=hull.tier.05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=166,baseset=hull.tier.06
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=167,baseset=hull.tier.07
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=168,baseset=hull.tier.08
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=169,baseset=hull.tier.09
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=170,baseset=hull.tier.00
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=171,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=172,baseset=hull.tier.02
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=173,baseset=hull.tier.03
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=174,baseset=hull.tier.04
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=175,baseset=hull.tier.05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=176,baseset=hull.tier.06
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=177,baseset=hull.tier.07
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=178,baseset=hull.tier.08
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=179,baseset=hull.tier.09
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=180,baseset=hull.tier.00
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=181,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=182,baseset=hull.tier.02
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=183,baseset=hull.tier.03
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=184,baseset=hull.tier.04
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=185,baseset=hull.tier.05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=186,baseset=hull.tier.06
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=187,baseset=hull.tier.07
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=188,baseset=hull.tier.08
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=189,baseset=hull.tier.09
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=190,baseset=hull.tier.00
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=191,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=192,baseset=hull.tier.02
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=193,baseset=hull.tier.03
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=194,baseset=hull.tier.04
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=195,baseset=hull.tier.05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=196,baseset=hull.tier.06
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=197,baseset=hull.tier.07
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=198,baseset=hull.tier.08
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=199,baseset=hull.tier.09
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=200,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.multi,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=201,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.alloysmelter,activeset=basicmachine.alloysmelter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=202,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.alloysmelter,activeset=basicmachine.alloysmelter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=203,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.alloysmelter,activeset=basicmachine.alloysmelter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=204,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.alloysmelter,activeset=basicmachine.alloysmelter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=205,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.alloysmelter,activeset=basicmachine.alloysmelter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=206,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=207,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=208,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=209,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=211,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.assembler,activeset=basicmachine.assembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=212,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.assembler,activeset=basicmachine.assembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=213,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.assembler,activeset=basicmachine.assembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=214,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.assembler,activeset=basicmachine.assembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=215,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.assembler,activeset=basicmachine.assembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=216,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=217,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=218,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=219,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=221,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.bender,activeset=basicmachine.bender_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=222,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.bender,activeset=basicmachine.bender_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=223,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.bender,activeset=basicmachine.bender_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=224,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.bender,activeset=basicmachine.bender_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=225,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.bender,activeset=basicmachine.bender_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=227,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=229,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=231,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.canner,activeset=basicmachine.canner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=232,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.canner,activeset=basicmachine.canner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=233,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.canner,activeset=basicmachine.canner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=234,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.canner,activeset=basicmachine.canner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=235,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.canner,activeset=basicmachine.canner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=241,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.compressor,activeset=basicmachine.compressor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=242,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.compressor,activeset=basicmachine.compressor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=243,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.compressor,activeset=basicmachine.compressor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=244,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.compressor,activeset=basicmachine.compressor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=245,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.compressor,activeset=basicmachine.compressor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=251,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.cutter,activeset=basicmachine.cutter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=252,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.cutter,activeset=basicmachine.cutter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=253,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.cutter,activeset=basicmachine.cutter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=254,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.cutter,activeset=basicmachine.cutter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=255,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.cutter,activeset=basicmachine.cutter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=261,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.e_furnace,activeset=basicmachine.e_furnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=262,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.e_furnace,activeset=basicmachine.e_furnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=263,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.e_furnace,activeset=basicmachine.e_furnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=264,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.e_furnace,activeset=basicmachine.e_furnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=265,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.e_furnace,activeset=basicmachine.e_furnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=266,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=267,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=268,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=269,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=271,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.extractor,activeset=basicmachine.extractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=272,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.extractor,activeset=basicmachine.extractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=273,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.extractor,activeset=basicmachine.extractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=274,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.extractor,activeset=basicmachine.extractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=275,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.extractor,activeset=basicmachine.extractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=281,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.extruder,activeset=basicmachine.extruder_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=282,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.extruder,activeset=basicmachine.extruder_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=283,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.extruder,activeset=basicmachine.extruder_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=284,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.extruder,activeset=basicmachine.extruder_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=285,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.extruder,activeset=basicmachine.extruder_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=286,baseset=hull.tier.14,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=287,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=288,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=289,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=291,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.lathe,activeset=basicmachine.lathe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=292,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.lathe,activeset=basicmachine.lathe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=293,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.lathe,activeset=basicmachine.lathe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=294,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.lathe,activeset=basicmachine.lathe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=295,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.lathe,activeset=basicmachine.lathe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=296,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=297,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=298,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=299,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=301,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.macerator,activeset=basicmachine.macerator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=302,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.macerator,activeset=basicmachine.macerator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=303,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.macerator,activeset=basicmachine.macerator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=304,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.macerator,activeset=basicmachine.macerator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=305,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.macerator,activeset=basicmachine.macerator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=310,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=311,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.microwave,activeset=basicmachine.microwave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=312,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.microwave,activeset=basicmachine.microwave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=313,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.microwave,activeset=basicmachine.microwave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=314,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.microwave,activeset=basicmachine.microwave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=315,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.microwave,activeset=basicmachine.microwave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=316,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=317,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=318,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=319,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=321,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.printer,activeset=basicmachine.printer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=322,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.printer,activeset=basicmachine.printer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=323,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.printer,activeset=basicmachine.printer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=324,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.printer,activeset=basicmachine.printer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=325,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.printer,activeset=basicmachine.printer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=326,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.printer,activeset=basicmachine.printer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=327,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.printer,activeset=basicmachine.printer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=328,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.printer,activeset=basicmachine.printer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=331,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.recycler,activeset=basicmachine.recycler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=332,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.recycler,activeset=basicmachine.recycler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=333,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.recycler,activeset=basicmachine.recycler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=334,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.recycler,activeset=basicmachine.recycler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=335,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.recycler,activeset=basicmachine.recycler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=341,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.scanner,activeset=basicmachine.scanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=342,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.scanner,activeset=basicmachine.scanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=343,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.scanner,activeset=basicmachine.scanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=344,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.scanner,activeset=basicmachine.scanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=345,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.scanner,activeset=basicmachine.scanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=346,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=347,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=348,baseset=hull.tier.14,iconset=hatch.wireless,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=349,iconset=advdebugstructurewriter,activeset=advdebugstructurewriter_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=351,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.wiremill,activeset=basicmachine.wiremill_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=352,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.wiremill,activeset=basicmachine.wiremill_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=353,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.wiremill,activeset=basicmachine.wiremill_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=354,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.wiremill,activeset=basicmachine.wiremill_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=355,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.wiremill,activeset=basicmachine.wiremill_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=356,iconset=multimachine.pcbfactory,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.pcbfactory_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PCB_TIER_1
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=357,iconset=multimachine.nanoforge,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.nanoforge_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_RADIANT_NAQUADAH_ALLOY
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=361,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.centrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.centrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=362,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.centrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.centrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=363,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.centrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.centrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=364,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.centrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.centrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=365,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.centrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.centrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=371,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.electrolyzer,activeset=basicmachine.electrolyzer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=372,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.electrolyzer,activeset=basicmachine.electrolyzer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=373,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.electrolyzer,activeset=basicmachine.electrolyzer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=374,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.electrolyzer,activeset=basicmachine.electrolyzer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=375,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.electrolyzer,activeset=basicmachine.electrolyzer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=381,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=382,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=383,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=384,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=385,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=391,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.orewasher,activeset=basicmachine.orewasher_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=392,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.orewasher,activeset=basicmachine.orewasher_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=393,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.orewasher,activeset=basicmachine.orewasher_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=394,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.orewasher,activeset=basicmachine.orewasher_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=395,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.orewasher,activeset=basicmachine.orewasher_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=401,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.boxinator,activeset=basicmachine.boxinator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=402,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.boxinator,activeset=basicmachine.boxinator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=403,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.boxinator,activeset=basicmachine.boxinator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=404,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.boxinator,activeset=basicmachine.boxinator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=405,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.boxinator,activeset=basicmachine.boxinator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=406,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.boxinator,activeset=basicmachine.boxinator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=407,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.boxinator,activeset=basicmachine.boxinator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=408,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.boxinator,activeset=basicmachine.boxinator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=411,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.unboxinator,activeset=basicmachine.unboxinator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=412,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.unboxinator,activeset=basicmachine.unboxinator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=413,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.unboxinator,activeset=basicmachine.unboxinator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=414,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.unboxinator,activeset=basicmachine.unboxinator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=415,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.unboxinator,activeset=basicmachine.unboxinator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=416,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.unboxinator,activeset=basicmachine.unboxinator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=417,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.unboxinator,activeset=basicmachine.unboxinator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=418,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.unboxinator,activeset=basicmachine.unboxinator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=421,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=422,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=423,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=424,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=425,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=431,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.fluidcanner,activeset=basicmachine.fluidcanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=432,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.fluidcanner,activeset=basicmachine.fluidcanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=433,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.fluidcanner,activeset=basicmachine.fluidcanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=434,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.fluidcanner,activeset=basicmachine.fluidcanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=435,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.fluidcanner,activeset=basicmachine.fluidcanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=441,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.rockbreaker,activeset=basicmachine.rockbreaker_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=442,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.rockbreaker,activeset=basicmachine.rockbreaker_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=443,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.rockbreaker,activeset=basicmachine.rockbreaker_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=444,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.rockbreaker,activeset=basicmachine.rockbreaker_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=445,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.rockbreaker,activeset=basicmachine.rockbreaker_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=461,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.massfab,activeset=basicmachine.massfab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=462,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.massfab,activeset=basicmachine.massfab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=463,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.massfab,activeset=basicmachine.massfab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=464,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.massfab,activeset=basicmachine.massfab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=465,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.massfab,activeset=basicmachine.massfab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=471,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.amplifab,activeset=basicmachine.amplifab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=472,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.amplifab,activeset=basicmachine.amplifab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=473,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.amplifab,activeset=basicmachine.amplifab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=474,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.amplifab,activeset=basicmachine.amplifab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=475,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.amplifab,activeset=basicmachine.amplifab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=481,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.replicator,activeset=basicmachine.replicator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=482,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.replicator,activeset=basicmachine.replicator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=483,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.replicator,activeset=basicmachine.replicator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=484,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.replicator,activeset=basicmachine.replicator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=485,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.replicator,activeset=basicmachine.replicator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=491,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.brewery,activeset=basicmachine.brewery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=492,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.brewery,activeset=basicmachine.brewery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=493,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.brewery,activeset=basicmachine.brewery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=494,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.brewery,activeset=basicmachine.brewery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=495,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.brewery,activeset=basicmachine.brewery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=501,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.fermenter,activeset=basicmachine.fermenter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=502,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.fermenter,activeset=basicmachine.fermenter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=503,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.fermenter,activeset=basicmachine.fermenter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=504,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.fermenter,activeset=basicmachine.fermenter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=505,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.fermenter,activeset=basicmachine.fermenter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=511,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.fluidextractor,activeset=basicmachine.fluidextractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=512,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.fluidextractor,activeset=basicmachine.fluidextractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=513,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.fluidextractor,activeset=basicmachine.fluidextractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=514,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.fluidextractor,activeset=basicmachine.fluidextractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=515,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.fluidextractor,activeset=basicmachine.fluidextractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=521,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier,activeset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=522,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier,activeset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=523,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier,activeset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=524,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier,activeset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=525,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier,activeset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=531,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.distillery,activeset=basicmachine.distillery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=532,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.distillery,activeset=basicmachine.distillery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=533,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.distillery,activeset=basicmachine.distillery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=534,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.distillery,activeset=basicmachine.distillery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=535,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.distillery,activeset=basicmachine.distillery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=541,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalbath,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalbath_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=542,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalbath,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalbath_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=543,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalbath,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalbath_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=544,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalbath,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalbath_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=545,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalbath,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalbath_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=551,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.polarizer,activeset=basicmachine.polarizer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=552,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.polarizer,activeset=basicmachine.polarizer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=553,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.polarizer,activeset=basicmachine.polarizer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=554,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.polarizer,activeset=basicmachine.polarizer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=555,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.polarizer,activeset=basicmachine.polarizer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=561,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator,activeset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=562,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator,activeset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=563,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator,activeset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=564,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator,activeset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=565,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator,activeset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=571,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.autoclave,activeset=basicmachine.autoclave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=572,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.autoclave,activeset=basicmachine.autoclave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=573,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.autoclave,activeset=basicmachine.autoclave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=574,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.autoclave,activeset=basicmachine.autoclave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=575,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.autoclave,activeset=basicmachine.autoclave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=581,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.mixer,activeset=basicmachine.mixer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=582,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.mixer,activeset=basicmachine.mixer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=583,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.mixer,activeset=basicmachine.mixer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=584,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.mixer,activeset=basicmachine.mixer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=585,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.mixer,activeset=basicmachine.mixer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=591,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.laserengraver,activeset=basicmachine.laserengraver_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=592,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.laserengraver,activeset=basicmachine.laserengraver_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=593,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.laserengraver,activeset=basicmachine.laserengraver_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=594,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.laserengraver,activeset=basicmachine.laserengraver_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=595,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.laserengraver,activeset=basicmachine.laserengraver_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=601,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.press,activeset=basicmachine.press_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=602,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.press,activeset=basicmachine.press_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=603,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.press,activeset=basicmachine.press_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=604,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.press,activeset=basicmachine.press_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=605,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.press,activeset=basicmachine.press_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=611,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.hammer,activeset=basicmachine.hammer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=612,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.hammer,activeset=basicmachine.hammer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=613,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.hammer,activeset=basicmachine.hammer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=614,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.hammer,activeset=basicmachine.hammer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=615,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.hammer,activeset=basicmachine.hammer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=621,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.fluidheater,activeset=basicmachine.fluidheater_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=622,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.fluidheater,activeset=basicmachine.fluidheater_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=623,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.fluidheater,activeset=basicmachine.fluidheater_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=624,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.fluidheater,activeset=basicmachine.fluidheater_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=625,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.fluidheater,activeset=basicmachine.fluidheater_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=631,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.slicer,activeset=basicmachine.slicer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=632,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.slicer,activeset=basicmachine.slicer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=633,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.slicer,activeset=basicmachine.slicer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=634,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.slicer,activeset=basicmachine.slicer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=635,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.slicer,activeset=basicmachine.slicer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=641,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.sifter,activeset=basicmachine.sifter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=642,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.sifter,activeset=basicmachine.sifter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=643,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.sifter,activeset=basicmachine.sifter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=644,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.sifter,activeset=basicmachine.sifter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=645,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.sifter,activeset=basicmachine.sifter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=651,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.arcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.arcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=652,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.arcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.arcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=653,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.arcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.arcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=654,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.arcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.arcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=655,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.arcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.arcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=661,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=662,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=663,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=664,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=665,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=671,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.e_oven,activeset=basicmachine.e_oven_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=672,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.e_oven,activeset=basicmachine.e_oven_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=673,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.e_oven,activeset=basicmachine.e_oven_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=674,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.e_oven,activeset=basicmachine.e_oven_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=675,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.e_oven,activeset=basicmachine.e_oven_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=679,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.miner,activeset=basicmachine.miner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=680,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.miner,activeset=basicmachine.miner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=681,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.miner,activeset=basicmachine.miner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=690,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=691,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=692,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=693,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=694,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=695,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=696,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=697,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=698,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=699,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=710,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=hatch.multi,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=711,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=hatch.multi,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=712,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.multi,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=713,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.multi,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=714,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.multi,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=715,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.multi,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=716,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.multi,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=717,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.multi,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=718,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.multi,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=719,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.multi,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=750,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=energybuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=751,iconset=multimachine.lftr.controller.single,activeset=multimachine.lftr.controller.single_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_STELLITE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=752,iconset=multimachine.treefarmer.structural,activeset=multimachine.treefarmer.structural_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/dirt_podzol_top
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=753,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=electricboiler.1.tier.single
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=754,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=electricboiler.2.tier.single
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=755,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=electricboiler.3.tier.single
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=756,iconset=pollutiondetector.01.tier.single,activeset=pollutiondetector.01.tier.single_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=757,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=pollutioncleaner
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=758,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=pollutioncleaner
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=759,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=pollutioncleaner
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=760,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=pollutioncleaner
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=761,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=pollutioncleaner
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=762,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=pollutioncleaner
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=763,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=pollutioncleaner
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=764,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=pollutioncleaner
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=765,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=pollutioncleaner
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=766,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=pollutioncleaner
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=767,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=simplewasher
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=769,iconset=steamcondensor.01.tier.single,activeset=steamcondensor.01.tier.single_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=770,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=energybuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=771,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=energybuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=772,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=energybuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=773,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=energybuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=774,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=energybuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=775,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=energybuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=776,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=energybuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=777,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=energybuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=778,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=energybuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=779,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=energybuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=780,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=protection.playersafe,activeset=protection.playersafe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=781,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=protection.playersafe,activeset=protection.playersafe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=782,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=protection.playersafe,activeset=protection.playersafe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=783,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=protection.playersafe,activeset=protection.playersafe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=784,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=protection.playersafe,activeset=protection.playersafe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=785,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=protection.playersafe,activeset=protection.playersafe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=786,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=protection.playersafe,activeset=protection.playersafe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=787,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=protection.playersafe,activeset=protection.playersafe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=788,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=protection.playersafe,activeset=protection.playersafe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=789,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=protection.playersafe,activeset=protection.playersafe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=790,iconset=multimachine.industrialcentrifuge,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CENTRIFUGE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=791,iconset=multimachine.industrialcokeoven,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TANTALLOY61
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=792,iconset=multimachine.industrialbender,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=793,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=advancedgenerator.rocketfuel,activeset=advancedgenerator.rocketfuel_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=794,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=advancedgenerator.rocketfuel,activeset=advancedgenerator.rocketfuel_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=795,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=advancedgenerator.rocketfuel,activeset=advancedgenerator.rocketfuel_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=796,iconset=multimachine.industrialelectrolyzer,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_POTIN
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=797,iconset=multimachine.industrialmacerator,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TUMBAGA
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=798,iconset=multimachine.industrialwiremill,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_MARAGINGSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=799,iconset=multimachine.industrialmassfab,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_F
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=810,iconset=multimachine.industrialsalloyamelter,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_ZIRCONIUM_CARBIDE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=811,iconset=multimachine.industrialmixer,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_C
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=812,iconset=multimachine.substation.01.input.single,activeset=multimachine.substation.01.input.single_active,basetex=0:chrono/MetalSheet
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=813,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=advancedmachine.dehydrator,activeset=advancedmachine.dehydrator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=814,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=advancedmachine.dehydrator,activeset=advancedmachine.dehydrator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=815,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=advancedmachine.dehydrator,activeset=advancedmachine.dehydrator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=816,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=advancedmachine.dehydrator,activeset=advancedmachine.dehydrator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=817,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=fluidtank
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=818,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=fluidtank
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=819,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=fluidtank
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=820,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=fluidtank
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=828,iconset=multimachine.cyclotron.tier.single,activeset=multimachine.cyclotron.tier.single_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_RADIATIONPROOF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=829,iconset=multimachine.industrial.fishpond.controller.tier.single,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_B
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=830,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=advancedgenerator.geothermalfuel,activeset=advancedgenerator.geothermalfuel_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=831,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=advancedgenerator.geothermalfuel,activeset=advancedgenerator.geothermalfuel_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=832,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=advancedgenerator.geothermalfuel,activeset=advancedgenerator.geothermalfuel_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=833,iconset=tesseract.generator,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=834,iconset=tesseract.terminal,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=835,iconset=multimachine.industrialrefinery,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_HASTELLOY_N
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=836,iconset=multimachine.treefarm,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/log_acacia_top
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=837,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicgenerator.semifluid,activeset=basicgenerator.semifluid_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=838,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicgenerator.semifluid,activeset=basicgenerator.semifluid_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=839,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicgenerator.semifluid,activeset=basicgenerator.semifluid_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=840,iconset=multimachine.industrialsifter,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MetalPanel
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=849,iconset=multimachine.industrialthermalcentrifuge,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_RED_STEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=850,iconset=multimachine.industrialwashplant,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_GRISIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=859,iconset=multimachine.industrialextruder,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_D
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=860,iconset=multimachine.industrialmultimachine,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_C
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=861,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.air,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=862,iconset=multimachine.industrialarcfurnace,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_A
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=863,iconset=multimachine.solartower,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_STELLITE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=864,iconset=solarreflector.simple.single,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=865,iconset=multimachine.largerturbine,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.largerturbine_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=866,iconset=multimachine.largerhpturbine,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.largerhpturbine_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=869,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicgenerator.rtg.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=870,iconset=gtplusplus.shelf.wooden,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=871,iconset=gtplusplus.shelf.iron,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=872,iconset=gtplusplus.shelf.filecabinet,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=873,iconset=gtplusplus.shelf.desk,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=874,iconset=gtplusplus.shelf.compartment,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=875,iconset=multimachine.gtplusplus.thermal.boiler,activeset=multimachine.gtplusplus.thermal.boiler_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TANTALLOY61
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=876,iconset=multimachine.gtplusplus.autocrafter.multi,activeset=multimachine.gtplusplus.autocrafter.multi_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/machine_top
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=877,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=878,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=879,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=880,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=881,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=882,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=883,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=884,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=885,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=886,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.input_battery,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=887,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.input_battery,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=888,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.output_battery.tier.00,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=889,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.output_battery.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=890,iconset=wificharger.01.tier.single,activeset=wificharger.01.tier.single_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=891,iconset=wificharger.02.tier.single,activeset=wificharger.02.tier.single_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=892,iconset=wificharger.03.tier.single,activeset=wificharger.03.tier.single_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=893,iconset=wificharger.04.tier.single,activeset=wificharger.04.tier.single_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=894,iconset=wificharger.05.tier.single,activeset=wificharger.05.tier.single_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=895,iconset=wificharger.06.tier.single,activeset=wificharger.06.tier.single_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=896,iconset=wificharger.07.tier.single,activeset=wificharger.07.tier.single_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=897,iconset=wificharger.08.tier.single,activeset=wificharger.08.tier.single_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=898,iconset=wificharger.09.tier.single,activeset=wificharger.09.tier.single_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=899,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=900,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=901,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=902,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=903,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=904,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=905,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=906,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=907,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=908,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=910,iconset=multimachine.multimachine.adv.industrialfreezer,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ADVANCED_CRYOGENIC
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=911,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=machine.dehydrator,activeset=machine.dehydrator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=912,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=machine.dehydrator,activeset=machine.dehydrator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=942,iconset=multimachine.amazonprime,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/CASING_AMAZON
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=943,iconset=chunkloader.tier.01,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=944,iconset=chunkloader.tier.02,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=945,iconset=chunkloader.tier.03,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=946,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=super.chest
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=947,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=super.chest
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=948,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=super.chest
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=949,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=super.chest
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=950,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=super.chest
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=951,iconset=pollutioncreator.01.tier.single,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=955,iconset=crate.tier.01,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=956,iconset=thaumcraft.gtpp.machine.01,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=960,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=basicgenerator.diesel,activeset=basicgenerator.diesel_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=961,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=basicgenerator.gas.tier.00
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=962,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=basicgenerator.steam.tier.00
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=963,iconset=multimachine.multimachine.adv.blastfurnace,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ADVANCED_VOLCANUS
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=964,iconset=multimachine.multimachine.adv.implosioncompressor,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=965,iconset=multimachine.fusioncomputer.tier.09,activeset=multimachine.fusioncomputer.tier.09_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS_ULTRA
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=966,iconset=gtplusplus.shelf.large,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=967,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.cryotheum,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=968,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.pyrotheum,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=969,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.naquadah,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=991,iconset=garbagecollector.01.tier.single,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=992,iconset=multimachine.industrialcuttingmachine,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/TEXTURE_TECH_B
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=993,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicgenerator.semifluid,activeset=basicgenerator.semifluid_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=994,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicgenerator.semifluid,activeset=basicgenerator.semifluid_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=995,iconset=multimachine.multimachine.adv.vacuumfurnace,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/TEXTURE_STONE_RED_A
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=996,iconset=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.rocketengine,activeset=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.rocketengine_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROCKETDYNE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=997,iconset=multimachine.algaefarm,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/log_acacia_top
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=998,iconset=multimachine.chemicalplant,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_LV_TOP
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1000,iconset=multimachine.blastfurnace,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.blastfurnace_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_HEATPROOFCASING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1001,iconset=multimachine.implosioncompressor,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.implosioncompressor_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_SOLID_STEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1002,iconset=multimachine.vacuumfreezer,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.vacuumfreezer_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FROST_PROOF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1003,iconset=multimachine.multifurnace,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.multifurnace_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_HEATPROOFCASING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1004,iconset=multimachine.plasmaforge,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.plasmaforge_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_DIM_BRIDGE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1005,iconset=multimachine.largeadvancedgasturbine,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.largeadvancedgasturbine_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ADVANCEDGAS
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1006,iconset=multimachine.transcendentplasmamixer,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.transcendentplasmamixer_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_DIM_BRIDGE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1020,iconset=multimachine.boiler.bronze,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZEPLATEDBRICKS
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1021,iconset=multimachine.boiler.steel,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_SOLID_STEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1022,iconset=multimachine.boiler.titanium,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1023,iconset=multimachine.boiler.tungstensteel,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1110,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicgenerator.diesel,activeset=basicgenerator.diesel_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1111,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicgenerator.diesel,activeset=basicgenerator.diesel_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1112,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicgenerator.diesel,activeset=basicgenerator.diesel_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1113,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicgenerator.diesel,activeset=basicgenerator.diesel_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1114,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicgenerator.diesel,activeset=basicgenerator.diesel_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1115,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicgenerator.gasturbine,activeset=basicgenerator.gasturbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1116,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicgenerator.gasturbine,activeset=basicgenerator.gasturbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1117,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicgenerator.gasturbine,activeset=basicgenerator.gasturbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1118,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicgenerator.gasturbine,activeset=basicgenerator.gasturbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1119,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicgenerator.gasturbine,activeset=basicgenerator.gasturbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1120,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicgenerator.steamturbine,activeset=basicgenerator.steamturbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1121,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicgenerator.steamturbine,activeset=basicgenerator.steamturbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1122,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicgenerator.steamturbine,activeset=basicgenerator.steamturbine_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1123,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicgenerator.magicenergyconverter,activeset=basicgenerator.magicenergyconverter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1124,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicgenerator.magicenergyconverter,activeset=basicgenerator.magicenergyconverter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1125,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicgenerator.magicenergyconverter,activeset=basicgenerator.magicenergyconverter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1126,iconset=multimachine.distillationtower,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.distillationtower_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1127,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicgenerator.magicenergyabsorber,activeset=basicgenerator.magicenergyabsorber_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1128,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicgenerator.magicenergyabsorber,activeset=basicgenerator.magicenergyabsorber_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1129,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicgenerator.magicenergyabsorber,activeset=basicgenerator.magicenergyabsorber_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1130,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicgenerator.magicenergyabsorber,activeset=basicgenerator.magicenergyabsorber_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1131,iconset=multimachine.largeturbine,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.largeturbine_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1132,iconset=multimachine.oreprocessor,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.oreprocessor_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1135,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.mobrep,activeset=basicmachine.mobrep_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1136,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.mobrep,activeset=basicmachine.mobrep_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1137,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.mobrep,activeset=basicmachine.mobrep_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1140,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.pump,activeset=basicmachine.pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1141,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.pump,activeset=basicmachine.pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1142,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.pump,activeset=basicmachine.pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1143,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.pump,activeset=basicmachine.pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1144,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.pump,activeset=basicmachine.pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1145,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.teleporter,activeset=basicmachine.teleporter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1146,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.mobrep,activeset=basicmachine.mobrep_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1147,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.mobrep,activeset=basicmachine.mobrep_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1148,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.mobrep,activeset=basicmachine.mobrep_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1149,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.mobrep,activeset=basicmachine.mobrep_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1150,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.mobrep,activeset=basicmachine.mobrep_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1151,iconset=multimachine.largegasturbine,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.largegasturbine_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1152,iconset=multimachine.largehpturbine,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.largehpturbine_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1153,iconset=multimachine.largeplasmaturbine,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.largeplasmaturbine_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1154,iconset=multimachine.heatexchanger,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.heatexchanger_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1155,iconset=multimachine.charcoalpile,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.charcoalpile_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZEPLATEDBRICKS
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1156,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.seismicprospector,activeset=basicmachine.seismicprospector_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1157,iconset=multimachine.oildrill1,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.oildrill1_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_SOLID_STEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1158,iconset=multimachine.oredrill1,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.oredrill1_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_SOLID_STEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1159,iconset=multimachine.pyro,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.pyro_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_8V_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1160,iconset=multimachine.cracker,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.cracker_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1161,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.microtransmitter,activeset=basicmachine.microtransmitter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1162,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.microtransmitter,activeset=basicmachine.microtransmitter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1163,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.microtransmitter,activeset=basicmachine.microtransmitter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1164,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.microtransmitter,activeset=basicmachine.microtransmitter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1165,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.microtransmitter,activeset=basicmachine.microtransmitter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1166,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.microtransmitter,activeset=basicmachine.microtransmitter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1169,iconset=multimachine.chemicalreactor,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.chemicalreactor_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CHEMICALLY_INERT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1170,iconset=multimachine.assemblyline,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.assemblyline_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_SOLID_STEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1171,iconset=multimachine.dieselengine,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.dieselengine_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1172,iconset=multimachine.cleanroom,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.cleanroom_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/BLOCK_PLASCRETE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1173,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.seismicprospector,activeset=basicmachine.seismicprospector_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1174,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicgenerator.lightningrod,activeset=basicgenerator.lightningrod_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1175,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicgenerator.lightningrod,activeset=basicgenerator.lightningrod_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1176,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicgenerator.lightningrod,activeset=basicgenerator.lightningrod_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1177,iconset=multimachine.oredrill2,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.oredrill2_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1178,iconset=multimachine.oredrill3,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.oredrill3_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1179,iconset=multimachine.oredrill4,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.oredrill4_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MINING_OSMIRIDIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1180,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.circuitassembler,activeset=basicmachine.circuitassembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1181,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.circuitassembler,activeset=basicmachine.circuitassembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1182,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.circuitassembler,activeset=basicmachine.circuitassembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1183,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.circuitassembler,activeset=basicmachine.circuitassembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1184,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.circuitassembler,activeset=basicmachine.circuitassembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1185,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.circuitassembler,activeset=basicmachine.circuitassembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1186,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.circuitassembler,activeset=basicmachine.circuitassembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1187,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.circuitassembler,activeset=basicmachine.circuitassembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1188,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicgenerator.naquadah,activeset=basicgenerator.naquadah_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1189,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicgenerator.naquadah,activeset=basicgenerator.naquadah_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1190,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicgenerator.naquadah,activeset=basicgenerator.naquadah_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1191,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicgenerator.naquadah,activeset=basicgenerator.naquadah_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1192,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicgenerator.naquadah,activeset=basicgenerator.naquadah_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1193,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=fusioncomputer.tier.06
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1194,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=fusioncomputer.tier.07
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1195,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=fusioncomputer.tier.08
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1196,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicgenerator.plasmagenerator,activeset=basicgenerator.plasmagenerator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1197,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicgenerator.plasmagenerator,activeset=basicgenerator.plasmagenerator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1198,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicgenerator.plasmagenerator,activeset=basicgenerator.plasmagenerator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1199,iconset=multimachine.processingarray,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.processingarray_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1200,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=5050FA,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1201,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=5050FA,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1202,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=5050FA,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1203,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=5050FA,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1204,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=5050FA,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1205,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=5050FA,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1206,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1207,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1208,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1209,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1210,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1211,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1220,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=8C648C,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1221,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=8C648C,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1222,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=8C648C,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1223,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=8C648C,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1224,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=8C648C,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1225,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=8C648C,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1226,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1227,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1228,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1229,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1230,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1231,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1240,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCDCDC,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1241,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCDCDC,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1242,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCDCDC,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1243,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCDCDC,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1244,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCDCDC,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1245,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCDCDC,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1246,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1247,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1248,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1249,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1250,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1251,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1260,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FAF0F0,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1261,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FAF0F0,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1262,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FAF0F0,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1263,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FAF0F0,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1264,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FAF0F0,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1265,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FAF0F0,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1266,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1267,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1268,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1269,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1270,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1271,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1280,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCDCE6,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1281,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCDCE6,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1282,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCDCE6,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1283,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCDCE6,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1284,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCDCE6,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1285,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCDCE6,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1286,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1287,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1288,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1289,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1290,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1291,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1300,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C8C8C8,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1301,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C8C8C8,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1302,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C8C8C8,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1303,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C8C8C8,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1304,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C8C8C8,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1305,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C8C8C8,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1306,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1307,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1308,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1309,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1310,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1311,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1320,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C8C8FA,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1321,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C8C8FA,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1322,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C8C8FA,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1323,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C8C8FA,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1324,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C8C8FA,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1325,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C8C8FA,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1326,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1327,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1328,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1329,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1330,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1331,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1340,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E39680,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1341,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E39680,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1342,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E39680,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1343,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E39680,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1344,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E39680,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1345,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E39680,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1346,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1347,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1348,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1349,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1350,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1351,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1360,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FF6400,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1361,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FF6400,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1362,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FF6400,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1363,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FF6400,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1364,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FF6400,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1365,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FF6400,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1366,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1367,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1368,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1369,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1370,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1371,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1380,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FF7814,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1381,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FF7814,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1382,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FF7814,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1383,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FF7814,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1384,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FF7814,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1385,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FF7814,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1386,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1387,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1388,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1389,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1390,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1391,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1400,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C2D2DF,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1401,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C2D2DF,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1402,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C2D2DF,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1403,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C2D2DF,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1404,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C2D2DF,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1405,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C2D2DF,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1406,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1407,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1408,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1409,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1410,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1411,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1420,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFF1E,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1421,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFF1E,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1422,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFF1E,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1423,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFF1E,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1424,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFF1E,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1425,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFF1E,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1426,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1427,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1428,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1429,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1430,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1431,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1440,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFF64,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1441,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFF64,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1442,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFF64,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1443,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFF64,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1444,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFF64,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1445,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFF64,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1446,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1447,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1448,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1449,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1450,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1451,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1460,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCDCFF,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1461,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCDCFF,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1462,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCDCFF,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1463,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCDCFF,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1464,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCDCFF,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1465,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCDCFF,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1466,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1467,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1468,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1469,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1470,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1471,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1480,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=64B4FF,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1481,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=64B4FF,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1482,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=64B4FF,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1483,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=64B4FF,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1484,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=64B4FF,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1485,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=64B4FF,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1486,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1487,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1488,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1489,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1490,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1491,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1500,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=CDCEF6,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1501,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=CDCEF6,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1502,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=CDCEF6,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1503,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=CDCEF6,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1504,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=CDCEF6,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1505,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=CDCEF6,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1506,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1507,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1508,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1509,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1510,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1511,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1520,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=808080,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1521,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=808080,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1522,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=808080,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1523,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=808080,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1524,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=808080,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1525,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=808080,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1526,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1527,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1528,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1529,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1530,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1531,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1540,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=646464,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1541,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=646464,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1542,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=646464,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1543,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=646464,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1544,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=646464,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1545,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=646464,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1546,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1547,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1548,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1549,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1550,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1551,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1560,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCA0F0,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1561,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCA0F0,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1562,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCA0F0,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1563,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCA0F0,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1564,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCA0F0,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1565,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=DCA0F0,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1566,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1567,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1568,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1569,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1570,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1571,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1580,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=80C8F0,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1581,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=80C8F0,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1582,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=80C8F0,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1583,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=80C8F0,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1584,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=80C8F0,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1585,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=80C8F0,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1586,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1587,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1588,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1589,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1590,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1591,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1600,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=808080,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1601,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=808080,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1602,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=808080,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1603,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=808080,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1604,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=808080,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1605,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=808080,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1620,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=3232FF,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1621,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=3232FF,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1622,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=3232FF,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1623,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=3232FF,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1624,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=3232FF,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1625,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=3232FF,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1626,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1627,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1628,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1629,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1630,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1631,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1640,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFC8,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1641,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFC8,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1642,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFC8,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1643,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFC8,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1644,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFC8,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1645,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFC8,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1646,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1647,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1648,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1649,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1650,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1651,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1660,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=6464A0,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1661,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=6464A0,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1662,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=6464A0,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1663,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=6464A0,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1664,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=6464A0,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1665,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=6464A0,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1666,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1667,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1668,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1669,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1670,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1671,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1680,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1681,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1682,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1683,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1684,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1685,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1686,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1687,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1688,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1689,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1690,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1691,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1700,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=999900,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1701,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=999900,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1702,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=999900,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1703,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=999900,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1704,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=999900,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1705,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=999900,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1706,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1707,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1708,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1709,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1710,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1711,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1720,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=1D1D29,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1721,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=1D1D29,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1722,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=1D1D29,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1723,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=1D1D29,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1724,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=1D1D29,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1725,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=1D1D29,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1726,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1727,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1728,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1729,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1730,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1731,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1740,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=80808C,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1741,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=80808C,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1742,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=80808C,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1743,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=80808C,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1744,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=80808C,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1745,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=80808C,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1746,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1747,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1748,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1749,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1750,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1751,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1760,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=504046,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1761,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=504046,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1762,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=504046,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1763,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=504046,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1764,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=504046,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1765,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=504046,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1766,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1767,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1768,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1769,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1770,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1771,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1780,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1781,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1782,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1783,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1784,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1785,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1786,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1787,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1788,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1789,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1790,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1791,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1800,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=282828,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1801,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=282828,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1802,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=282828,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1803,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=282828,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1804,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=282828,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1805,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=282828,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1806,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1807,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1808,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1809,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1810,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1811,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1820,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1821,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1822,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1823,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1824,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1825,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1826,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1827,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1828,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1829,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1830,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1831,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1840,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FAAAFA,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1841,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FAAAFA,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1842,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FAAAFA,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1843,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FAAAFA,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1844,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FAAAFA,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1845,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FAAAFA,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1846,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1847,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1848,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1849,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1850,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1851,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1900,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFF78,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1901,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFF78,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1902,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFF78,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1903,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFF78,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1904,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFF78,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1905,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFF78,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1906,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1907,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1908,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1909,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1910,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=1911,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2000,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C80000,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2001,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C80000,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2002,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C80000,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2003,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C80000,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2004,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C80000,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2005,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C80000,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2006,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2007,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2008,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2009,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2010,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2011,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2020,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=2681BD,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2021,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=2681BD,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2022,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=2681BD,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2023,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=2681BD,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2024,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=2681BD,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2025,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=2681BD,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2026,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=AE0808,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2027,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=AE0808,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2028,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=AE0808,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2029,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=AE0808,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2030,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=AE0808,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2031,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=AE0808,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2032,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=AE0808,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2033,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=AE0808,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2034,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=AE0808,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2035,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=AE0808,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2036,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=AE0808,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2037,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=AE0808,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2052,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E558B1,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2053,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E558B1,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2054,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E558B1,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2055,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E558B1,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2056,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E558B1,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2057,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E558B1,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2072,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B526CD,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2073,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B526CD,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2074,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B526CD,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2075,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B526CD,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2076,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B526CD,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2077,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B526CD,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2081,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E558B1,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2082,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E558B1,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2083,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E558B1,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2084,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E558B1,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2085,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E558B1,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2086,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E558B1,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2089,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B526CD,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2090,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B526CD,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2091,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B526CD,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2092,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B526CD,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2093,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B526CD,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2094,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B526CD,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2100,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.seismicprospector,activeset=basicmachine.seismicprospector_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2101,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.seismicprospector,activeset=basicmachine.seismicprospector_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2102,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.seismicprospector,activeset=basicmachine.seismicprospector_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2103,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.seismicprospector,activeset=basicmachine.seismicprospector_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2104,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.seismicprospector,activeset=basicmachine.seismicprospector_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2105,iconset=multimachine.extremedieselengine,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.extremedieselengine_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2200,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=555555,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2201,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=555555,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2202,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=555555,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2203,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=555555,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2204,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=555555,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2205,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=555555,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2220,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=331900,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2221,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=331900,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2222,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=331900,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2223,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=331900,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2224,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=331900,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2225,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=331900,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2240,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=008700,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2241,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=008700,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2242,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=008700,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2243,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=008700,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2244,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=008700,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2245,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=008700,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2260,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=330033,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2261,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=330033,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2262,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=330033,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2263,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=330033,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2264,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=330033,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2265,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=330033,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2280,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=994C00,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2281,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=994C00,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2282,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=994C00,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2283,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=994C00,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2284,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=994C00,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2285,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=994C00,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2300,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=0A0A0A,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2301,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=0A0A0A,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2302,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=0A0A0A,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2303,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=0A0A0A,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2304,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=0A0A0A,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2305,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=0A0A0A,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2320,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=555555,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2321,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=555555,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2322,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=555555,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2323,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=555555,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2324,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=555555,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2325,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=555555,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2340,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=331900,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2341,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=331900,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2342,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=331900,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2343,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=331900,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2344,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=331900,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2345,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=331900,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2360,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=008700,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2361,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=008700,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2362,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=008700,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2363,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=008700,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2364,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=008700,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2365,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=008700,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2380,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=330033,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2381,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=330033,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2382,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=330033,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2383,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=330033,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2384,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=330033,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2385,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=330033,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2400,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=994C00,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2401,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=994C00,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2402,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=994C00,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2403,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=994C00,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2404,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=994C00,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2405,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=994C00,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2420,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=0A0A0A,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2421,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=0A0A0A,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2422,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=0A0A0A,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2423,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=0A0A0A,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2424,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=0A0A0A,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2425,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=0A0A0A,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2440,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E0D207,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2441,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E0D207,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2442,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E0D207,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2443,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E0D207,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2444,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E0D207,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2445,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E0D207,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2500,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E0D207,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2501,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E0D207,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2502,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E0D207,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2503,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E0D207,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2504,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E0D207,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2505,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E0D207,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2520,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=2681BD,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2521,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=2681BD,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2522,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=2681BD,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2523,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=2681BD,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2524,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=2681BD,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2525,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=2681BD,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2600,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=D37806,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2601,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=D37806,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2602,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=D37806,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2603,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=D37806,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2604,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=D37806,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2605,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=D37806,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2606,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2607,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2608,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2609,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2610,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2611,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2700,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=long.distance.pipeline.fluid
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2701,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=long.distance.pipeline.item
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2710,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.output_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2711,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.input_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2713,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.output,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2714,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.crafting_input.me,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2715,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.crafting_input.me.item_only,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=2716,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.crafting_input.slave,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4102,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=E1DCFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4104,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=64B464
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4106,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=141414
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4114,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFC8C8
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4115,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=80C8F0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4116,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=3C3C50
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4121,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=9AACDF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4123,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=CCCCCC
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4124,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=DCA0F0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4125,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=323232
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4126,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFE6E6
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4127,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FAFAFA
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4128,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=C8C8C8
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4129,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=5050FA
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4130,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=C8C8FA
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4131,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FF6400
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4132,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FAF0F0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4133,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=DCDCFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4135,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFFFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4139,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=F01E1E
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4141,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=DCFADC
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4143,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=BEB4C8
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4144,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=B4B4DC
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4148,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=808080
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4150,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=DCDCFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4152,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=400080
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4153,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=DCDCDC
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4154,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=DCDCF0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4155,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=CE1556
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4158,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=B0C4DE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4159,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFFFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4160,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=8A8A8A
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4161,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=7BD490
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4162,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=75D681
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4163,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=646464
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4164,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=24B535
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4165,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFFCC
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4166,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=F6B5FF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4167,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=3BBA1C
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4168,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFFFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4169,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=69D150
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4170,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=1608A6
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4171,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=B09851
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4172,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=596BC2
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4173,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=2CC750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4174,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=BC3EC7
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4176,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=69B7FF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4177,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=323232
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4179,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=3232FF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4180,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=F0F0F5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4181,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFFC8
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4182,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFF1E
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4185,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=8C648C
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4186,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=64A0A0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4192,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=001E00
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4193,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=46FA46
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4194,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=32F032
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4196,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=F03232
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4197,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FA4646
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4199,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=C8C8C8
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4207,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=BADF70
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4208,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=D5FF80
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4225,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FAFAFA
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4227,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=E558B1
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4230,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=B526CD
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4235,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=263145
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4237,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFFFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4297,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=96DBFC
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4298,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=4CBF26
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4299,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=DB25CD
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4301,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFFFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4302,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFFFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4303,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFFFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4396,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FF8000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4397,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFB400
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4398,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=B4B478
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4399,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFF64
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4400,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=C8B4B4
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4401,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=808080
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4402,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=C8C8DC
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4403,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=C8B4B4
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4404,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=C80000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4405,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=64B4FF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4406,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=E39680
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4407,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=CDCEF6
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4408,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=C2D2DF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4409,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=C8BEFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4410,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=DCDCE6
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4411,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=9C7CA0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4412,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=6464A0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4413,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=6464FF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4414,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFF00
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4415,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFFFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4416,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFF78
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4417,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=599187
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4419,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFC83C
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4420,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=323232
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4421,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=282828
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4422,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=323232
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4423,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=1E1E1E
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4424,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFFFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4425,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=600000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4426,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=9664C8
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4427,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFFD2
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4429,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=E6E6FF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4430,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=646464
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4431,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=6E6E6E
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4432,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=787878
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4433,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=5A5A5A
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4434,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=968C6E
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4435,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=327F32
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4436,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=643250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4437,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=321928
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4438,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=37283C
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4439,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=B4B4A0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4440,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=B4B4E6
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4441,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FF7814
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4442,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=400000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4444,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=8C6464
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4445,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=64648C
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4446,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FADCE1
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4447,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFE61E
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4448,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=64327D
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4449,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=647D7D
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4450,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=C8C8C8
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4451,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=808080
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4452,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=646464
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4453,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=80808C
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4454,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=504046
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4455,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=1D291D
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4456,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=1D1D29
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4457,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=E6C8C8
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4458,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=D2F0C8
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4459,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=C8C8C8
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4460,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=504650
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4461,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=B9B9B9
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4462,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFAA51
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4463,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=9DBC35
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4464,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=100342
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4465,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=D9B2AB
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4466,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=330066
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4467,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=C0C0C0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4468,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=999900
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4469,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=336600
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4470,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=660033
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4474,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=80F69B
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4475,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=412E1D
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4476,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=487799
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4477,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=B53333
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4478,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FA8100
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4479,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=698DA5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4480,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=9A6977
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4481,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=985D85
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4482,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=9A4CB9
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4483,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=F26404
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4484,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=323232
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4485,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=1EB1FF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4486,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=0074FF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4487,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=00D10B
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4488,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=EBD1A0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4489,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=677D68
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4490,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFFFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4491,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=323232
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4493,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFFFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4494,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=16856C
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4495,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFFCC
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4496,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FF69B4
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4497,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=DFD9A5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4498,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=A39E9A
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4499,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=72C5C5
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4500,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=886288
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4501,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=D9DCCB
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4502,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=E79EDB
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4503,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=95B7CD
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4504,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=46BCDB
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4566,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=C88C14
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4567,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=DCDCDC
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4568,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=323232
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4569,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=646464
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4581,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=9FB4B4
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4584,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=972D2D
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4585,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FF8448
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4617,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFF00
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4625,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=64C8FF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4672,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FAAAFA
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4677,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=323232
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4678,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=1264FF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4679,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFFFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4681,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFFFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4682,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=000000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4684,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFFFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4695,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=2D2D2D
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4706,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=A07010
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4707,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=E6F3E6
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4709,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=3C3C3C
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4727,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=AA8800
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4731,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=211A18
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4732,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=BEB4AA
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4745,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=D7E6E6
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4861,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=F0F078
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4866,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=A5DCFA
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4868,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=E6E6E6
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4900,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=503264
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4905,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=643200
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4925,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=968C8C
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4952,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=505064
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4964,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=C8C8D2
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4970,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=C8C8C8
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4976,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=000000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4980,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=282828
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=4985,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=502800
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5008,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=6E8C6E
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5009,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=8C6464
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5047,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=55E001
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5048,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=8CBDD0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5052,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FF763C
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5062,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=547A38
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5066,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=1C0639
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5070,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=AE0808
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5071,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=7A44B0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5072,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=F44E00
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5073,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=45090A
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5074,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=D37806
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5075,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=850080
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5076,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=A0A0A0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5077,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=A08CBE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5078,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=323232
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5080,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=FFFFFF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5081,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=2681BD
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5082,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=E0D207
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5083,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=555555
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5084,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=331900
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5085,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=008700
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5086,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=330033
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5087,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=994C00
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5088,mtetype=frame,basetex=17000:gt_frame,colormul=0A0A0A
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5101,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=643200,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5102,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=643200,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5103,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=643200,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5110,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FF6400,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5111,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FF6400,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5112,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FF6400,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5113,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FF6400,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5114,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FF6400,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5115,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FF6400,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5116,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FF6400,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5120,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FF8000,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5121,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FF8000,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5122,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FF8000,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5123,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FF8000,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5124,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FF8000,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5125,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FF8000,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5126,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FF8000,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5130,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=808080,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5131,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=808080,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5132,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=808080,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5133,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=808080,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5134,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=808080,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5135,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=808080,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5136,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=808080,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5140,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8DC,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5141,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8DC,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5142,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8DC,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5143,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8DC,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5144,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8DC,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5145,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8DC,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5146,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8DC,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5150,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=DCA0F0,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5151,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=DCA0F0,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5152,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=DCA0F0,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5153,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=DCA0F0,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5154,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=DCA0F0,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5155,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=DCA0F0,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5156,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=DCA0F0,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5160,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=6464A0,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5161,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=6464A0,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5162,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=6464A0,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5163,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=6464A0,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5164,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=6464A0,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5165,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C80000,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5166,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C80000,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5167,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C80000,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5170,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8C8,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5171,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8C8,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5172,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8C8,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5173,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8C8,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5174,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8C8,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5175,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8C8,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5176,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8C8,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5180,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=1D1D29,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5181,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=1D1D29,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5182,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=1D1D29,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5183,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=1D1D29,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5184,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=1D1D29,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5185,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=1D1D29,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5186,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=1D1D29,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5190,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=599187,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5191,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=599187,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5192,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=599187,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5193,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=599187,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5194,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=599187,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5195,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=599187,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5196,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=599187,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5200,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5201,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5202,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5203,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5204,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5205,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5206,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5210,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FAFAFA,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5211,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FAFAFA,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5212,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FAFAFA,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5213,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FAFAFA,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5214,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FAFAFA,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5215,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FAFAFA,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5216,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FAFAFA,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5220,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5221,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5222,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5223,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5224,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5225,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5226,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5230,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=16856C,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5231,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=16856C,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5232,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=16856C,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5233,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=16856C,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5234,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=16856C,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5235,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=16856C,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5236,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=16856C,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5240,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=F44E00,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5241,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=F44E00,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5242,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=F44E00,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5243,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=F44E00,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5244,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=F44E00,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5245,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=F44E00,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5246,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=F44E00,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5250,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5251,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5252,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5253,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5254,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5255,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5256,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5260,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8B4B4,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5261,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8B4B4,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5262,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8B4B4,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5263,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8B4B4,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5264,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8B4B4,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5265,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8B4B4,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5266,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8B4B4,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5270,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=6464A0,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5271,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=6464A0,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5280,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=2D2D2D,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5281,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=2D2D2D,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5282,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=2D2D2D,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5283,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=2D2D2D,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5284,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=2D2D2D,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5290,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=2D2D2D,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5291,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=2D2D2D,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5300,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5301,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5302,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5303,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5304,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5305,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5306,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFFF,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5310,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5311,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5312,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5313,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5314,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5315,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5316,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5589,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=DCDCDC,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5590,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=DCDCDC,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5591,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=DCDCDC,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5592,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=DCDCDC,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5593,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=DCDCDC,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5594,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=DCDCDC,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5595,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=DCDCDC,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5596,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=DCDCDC,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5597,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=DCDCDC,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5598,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=DCDCDC,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5600,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFB400,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5601,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFB400,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5602,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFB400,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5603,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFB400,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5604,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFB400,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5605,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFB400,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5606,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFB400,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5607,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFB400,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5610,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF64,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5611,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF64,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5612,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF64,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5613,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF64,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5614,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF64,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5615,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF64,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5616,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF64,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5617,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF64,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5620,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFC8,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5621,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFC8,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5622,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFC8,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5623,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFC8,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5624,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFC8,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5625,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFC8,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5626,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFC8,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5627,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFC8,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5630,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=3232FF,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5631,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=3232FF,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5632,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=3232FF,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5633,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=3232FF,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5634,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=3232FF,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5635,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=3232FF,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5636,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=3232FF,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5637,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=3232FF,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5640,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFB400,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5641,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFB400,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5642,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF64,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5643,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF64,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5644,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFC8,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5645,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFFC8,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5646,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=3232FF,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5647,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=3232FF,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5650,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF78,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5651,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF78,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5652,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF78,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5653,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF78,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5654,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF78,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5655,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF78,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5656,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF78,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5657,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF78,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5658,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF78,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5659,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FFFF78,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5660,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5661,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5662,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5663,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5664,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5665,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5666,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5667,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5668,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5669,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5670,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5671,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5672,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5673,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5674,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5675,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5676,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5677,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5678,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5679,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5680,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=646464,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5681,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=646464,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5682,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=646464,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5683,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=646464,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5684,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=646464,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5685,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=646464,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5686,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=646464,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5690,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=D7E6E6,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5691,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=D7E6E6,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5692,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=D7E6E6,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5693,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=D7E6E6,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5694,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=D7E6E6,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5695,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=D7E6E6,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5700,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8FA,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5701,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8FA,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5702,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8FA,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5703,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8FA,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5704,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8FA,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5705,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8FA,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5710,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=5050FA,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5711,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=5050FA,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5712,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=5050FA,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5713,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=5050FA,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5714,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=5050FA,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5715,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=5050FA,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5720,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=80C8F0,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5721,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=80C8F0,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5722,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=80C8F0,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5723,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=80C8F0,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5724,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=80C8F0,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5725,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=80C8F0,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5730,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=00D10B,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5731,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=00D10B,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5732,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=00D10B,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5733,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=00D10B,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5734,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=00D10B,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5735,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=00D10B,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5736,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=00D10B,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5737,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=00D10B,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5738,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=00D10B,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5739,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=00D10B,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5760,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=850080,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5761,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=850080,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5762,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=850080,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5763,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=850080,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=5764,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=850080,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9230,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=automation.chestbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9231,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=automation.chestbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9232,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=automation.chestbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9233,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=automation.chestbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9234,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=automation.chestbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9235,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=automation.chestbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9236,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=automation.chestbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9237,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=automation.chestbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9238,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=automation.chestbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9239,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=automation.chestbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9240,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=automation.filter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9241,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=automation.filter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9242,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=automation.filter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9243,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=automation.filter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9244,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=automation.filter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9245,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=automation.filter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9246,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=automation.filter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9247,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=automation.filter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9248,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=automation.filter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9249,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=automation.filter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9250,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=automation.typefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9251,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=automation.typefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9252,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=automation.typefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9253,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=automation.typefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9254,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=automation.typefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9255,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=automation.typefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9256,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=automation.typefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9257,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=automation.typefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9258,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=automation.typefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9259,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=automation.typefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9270,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=automation.regulator
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9271,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=automation.regulator
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9272,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=automation.regulator
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9273,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=automation.regulator
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9274,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=automation.regulator
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9275,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=automation.regulator
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9276,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=automation.regulator
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9277,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=automation.regulator
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9278,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=automation.regulator
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9279,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=automation.regulator
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9300,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=automation.superbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9301,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=automation.superbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9302,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=automation.superbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9303,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=automation.superbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9304,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=automation.superbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9305,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=automation.superbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9306,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=automation.superbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9307,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=automation.superbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9308,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=automation.superbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9309,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=automation.superbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9320,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=automation.itemdistributor
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9321,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=automation.itemdistributor
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9322,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=automation.itemdistributor
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9323,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=automation.itemdistributor
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9324,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=automation.itemdistributor
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9325,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=automation.itemdistributor
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9326,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=automation.itemdistributor
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9327,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=automation.itemdistributor
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9328,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=automation.itemdistributor
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9329,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=automation.itemdistributor
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9330,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=automation.recipefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9331,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=automation.recipefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9332,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=automation.recipefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9333,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=automation.recipefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9334,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=automation.recipefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9335,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=automation.recipefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9336,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=automation.recipefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9337,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=automation.recipefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9338,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=automation.recipefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9339,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=automation.recipefilter
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=9399,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.industrialapiary,activeset=basicmachine.industrialapiary_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10500,iconset=multimachine.digester,activeset=multimachine.digester_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10501,iconset=multimachine.dissolution_tank,activeset=multimachine.dissolution_tank_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10752,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicgenerator.plasmagenerator,activeset=basicgenerator.plasmagenerator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10753,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicgenerator.plasmagenerator,activeset=basicgenerator.plasmagenerator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10760,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.alloysmelter,activeset=basicmachine.alloysmelter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10761,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.alloysmelter,activeset=basicmachine.alloysmelter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10762,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.alloysmelter,activeset=basicmachine.alloysmelter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10763,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.alloysmelter,activeset=basicmachine.alloysmelter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10764,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.alloysmelter,activeset=basicmachine.alloysmelter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10765,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.alloysmelter,activeset=basicmachine.alloysmelter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10766,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.alloysmelter,activeset=basicmachine.alloysmelter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10770,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.amplifab,activeset=basicmachine.amplifab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10771,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.amplifab,activeset=basicmachine.amplifab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10772,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.amplifab,activeset=basicmachine.amplifab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10773,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.amplifab,activeset=basicmachine.amplifab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10774,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.amplifab,activeset=basicmachine.amplifab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10775,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.amplifab,activeset=basicmachine.amplifab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10776,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.amplifab,activeset=basicmachine.amplifab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10780,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.assembler,activeset=basicmachine.assembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10781,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.assembler,activeset=basicmachine.assembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10782,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.assembler,activeset=basicmachine.assembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10783,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.assembler,activeset=basicmachine.assembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10784,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.assembler,activeset=basicmachine.assembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10785,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.assembler,activeset=basicmachine.assembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10786,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.assembler,activeset=basicmachine.assembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10790,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.autoclave,activeset=basicmachine.autoclave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10791,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.autoclave,activeset=basicmachine.autoclave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10792,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.autoclave,activeset=basicmachine.autoclave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10793,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.autoclave,activeset=basicmachine.autoclave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10794,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.autoclave,activeset=basicmachine.autoclave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10795,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.autoclave,activeset=basicmachine.autoclave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10796,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.autoclave,activeset=basicmachine.autoclave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10800,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.bender,activeset=basicmachine.bender_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10801,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.bender,activeset=basicmachine.bender_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10802,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.bender,activeset=basicmachine.bender_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10803,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.bender,activeset=basicmachine.bender_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10804,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.bender,activeset=basicmachine.bender_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10805,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.bender,activeset=basicmachine.bender_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10806,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.bender,activeset=basicmachine.bender_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10810,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.compressor,activeset=basicmachine.compressor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10811,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.compressor,activeset=basicmachine.compressor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10812,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.compressor,activeset=basicmachine.compressor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10813,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.compressor,activeset=basicmachine.compressor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10814,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.compressor,activeset=basicmachine.compressor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10815,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.compressor,activeset=basicmachine.compressor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10816,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.compressor,activeset=basicmachine.compressor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10820,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.cutter,activeset=basicmachine.cutter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10821,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.cutter,activeset=basicmachine.cutter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10822,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.cutter,activeset=basicmachine.cutter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10823,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.cutter,activeset=basicmachine.cutter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10824,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.cutter,activeset=basicmachine.cutter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10825,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.cutter,activeset=basicmachine.cutter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10826,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.cutter,activeset=basicmachine.cutter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10830,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.distillery,activeset=basicmachine.distillery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10831,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.distillery,activeset=basicmachine.distillery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10832,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.distillery,activeset=basicmachine.distillery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10833,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.distillery,activeset=basicmachine.distillery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10834,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.distillery,activeset=basicmachine.distillery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10835,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.distillery,activeset=basicmachine.distillery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10836,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.distillery,activeset=basicmachine.distillery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10840,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.e_furnace,activeset=basicmachine.e_furnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10841,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.e_furnace,activeset=basicmachine.e_furnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10842,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.e_furnace,activeset=basicmachine.e_furnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10843,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.e_furnace,activeset=basicmachine.e_furnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10844,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.e_furnace,activeset=basicmachine.e_furnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10845,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.e_furnace,activeset=basicmachine.e_furnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10846,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.e_furnace,activeset=basicmachine.e_furnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10850,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.electrolyzer,activeset=basicmachine.electrolyzer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10851,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.electrolyzer,activeset=basicmachine.electrolyzer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10852,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.electrolyzer,activeset=basicmachine.electrolyzer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10853,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.electrolyzer,activeset=basicmachine.electrolyzer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10854,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.electrolyzer,activeset=basicmachine.electrolyzer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10855,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.electrolyzer,activeset=basicmachine.electrolyzer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10856,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.electrolyzer,activeset=basicmachine.electrolyzer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10860,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator,activeset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10861,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator,activeset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10862,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator,activeset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10863,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator,activeset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10864,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator,activeset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10865,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator,activeset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10866,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator,activeset=basicmachine.electromagneticseparator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10870,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.extractor,activeset=basicmachine.extractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10871,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.extractor,activeset=basicmachine.extractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10872,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.extractor,activeset=basicmachine.extractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10873,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.extractor,activeset=basicmachine.extractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10874,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.extractor,activeset=basicmachine.extractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10875,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.extractor,activeset=basicmachine.extractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10876,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.extractor,activeset=basicmachine.extractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10880,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.extruder,activeset=basicmachine.extruder_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10881,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.extruder,activeset=basicmachine.extruder_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10882,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.extruder,activeset=basicmachine.extruder_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10883,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.extruder,activeset=basicmachine.extruder_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10884,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.extruder,activeset=basicmachine.extruder_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10885,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.extruder,activeset=basicmachine.extruder_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10886,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.extruder,activeset=basicmachine.extruder_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10890,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier,activeset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10891,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier,activeset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10892,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier,activeset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10893,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier,activeset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10894,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier,activeset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10895,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier,activeset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10896,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier,activeset=basicmachine.fluidsolidifier_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10900,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.press,activeset=basicmachine.press_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10901,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.press,activeset=basicmachine.press_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10902,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.press,activeset=basicmachine.press_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10903,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.press,activeset=basicmachine.press_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10904,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.press,activeset=basicmachine.press_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10905,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.press,activeset=basicmachine.press_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10906,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.press,activeset=basicmachine.press_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10910,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.hammer,activeset=basicmachine.hammer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10911,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.hammer,activeset=basicmachine.hammer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10912,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.hammer,activeset=basicmachine.hammer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10913,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.hammer,activeset=basicmachine.hammer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10914,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.hammer,activeset=basicmachine.hammer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10915,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.hammer,activeset=basicmachine.hammer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10916,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.hammer,activeset=basicmachine.hammer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10920,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.lathe,activeset=basicmachine.lathe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10921,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.lathe,activeset=basicmachine.lathe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10922,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.lathe,activeset=basicmachine.lathe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10923,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.lathe,activeset=basicmachine.lathe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10924,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.lathe,activeset=basicmachine.lathe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10925,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.lathe,activeset=basicmachine.lathe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10926,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.lathe,activeset=basicmachine.lathe_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10930,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.laserengraver,activeset=basicmachine.laserengraver_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10931,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.laserengraver,activeset=basicmachine.laserengraver_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10932,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.laserengraver,activeset=basicmachine.laserengraver_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10933,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.laserengraver,activeset=basicmachine.laserengraver_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10934,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.laserengraver,activeset=basicmachine.laserengraver_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10935,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.laserengraver,activeset=basicmachine.laserengraver_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10936,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.laserengraver,activeset=basicmachine.laserengraver_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10940,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.macerator,activeset=basicmachine.macerator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10941,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.macerator,activeset=basicmachine.macerator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10942,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.macerator,activeset=basicmachine.macerator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10943,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.macerator,activeset=basicmachine.macerator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10944,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.macerator,activeset=basicmachine.macerator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10945,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.macerator,activeset=basicmachine.macerator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10946,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.macerator,activeset=basicmachine.macerator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10950,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.massfab,activeset=basicmachine.massfab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10951,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.massfab,activeset=basicmachine.massfab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10952,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.massfab,activeset=basicmachine.massfab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10953,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.massfab,activeset=basicmachine.massfab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10954,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.massfab,activeset=basicmachine.massfab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10955,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.massfab,activeset=basicmachine.massfab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10956,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.massfab,activeset=basicmachine.massfab_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10960,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.microwave,activeset=basicmachine.microwave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10961,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.microwave,activeset=basicmachine.microwave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10962,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.microwave,activeset=basicmachine.microwave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10963,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.microwave,activeset=basicmachine.microwave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10964,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.microwave,activeset=basicmachine.microwave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10965,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.microwave,activeset=basicmachine.microwave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10966,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.microwave,activeset=basicmachine.microwave_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10970,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.orewasher,activeset=basicmachine.orewasher_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10971,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.orewasher,activeset=basicmachine.orewasher_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10972,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.orewasher,activeset=basicmachine.orewasher_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10973,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.orewasher,activeset=basicmachine.orewasher_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10974,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.orewasher,activeset=basicmachine.orewasher_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10975,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.orewasher,activeset=basicmachine.orewasher_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10976,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.orewasher,activeset=basicmachine.orewasher_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10980,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.polarizer,activeset=basicmachine.polarizer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10981,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.polarizer,activeset=basicmachine.polarizer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10982,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.polarizer,activeset=basicmachine.polarizer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10983,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.polarizer,activeset=basicmachine.polarizer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10984,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.polarizer,activeset=basicmachine.polarizer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10985,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.polarizer,activeset=basicmachine.polarizer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10986,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.polarizer,activeset=basicmachine.polarizer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10990,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.recycler,activeset=basicmachine.recycler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10991,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.recycler,activeset=basicmachine.recycler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10992,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.recycler,activeset=basicmachine.recycler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10993,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.recycler,activeset=basicmachine.recycler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10994,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.recycler,activeset=basicmachine.recycler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10995,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.recycler,activeset=basicmachine.recycler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=10996,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.recycler,activeset=basicmachine.recycler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11000,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.replicator,activeset=basicmachine.replicator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11001,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.replicator,activeset=basicmachine.replicator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11002,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.replicator,activeset=basicmachine.replicator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11003,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.replicator,activeset=basicmachine.replicator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11004,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.replicator,activeset=basicmachine.replicator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11005,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.replicator,activeset=basicmachine.replicator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11006,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.replicator,activeset=basicmachine.replicator_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11010,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.scanner,activeset=basicmachine.scanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11011,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.scanner,activeset=basicmachine.scanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11012,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.scanner,activeset=basicmachine.scanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11013,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.scanner,activeset=basicmachine.scanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11014,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.scanner,activeset=basicmachine.scanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11015,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.scanner,activeset=basicmachine.scanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11016,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.scanner,activeset=basicmachine.scanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11020,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.sifter,activeset=basicmachine.sifter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11021,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.sifter,activeset=basicmachine.sifter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11022,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.sifter,activeset=basicmachine.sifter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11023,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.sifter,activeset=basicmachine.sifter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11024,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.sifter,activeset=basicmachine.sifter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11025,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.sifter,activeset=basicmachine.sifter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11026,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.sifter,activeset=basicmachine.sifter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11028,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.slicer,activeset=basicmachine.slicer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11029,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.slicer,activeset=basicmachine.slicer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11030,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.slicer,activeset=basicmachine.slicer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11033,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.slicer,activeset=basicmachine.slicer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11034,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.slicer,activeset=basicmachine.slicer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11035,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.slicer,activeset=basicmachine.slicer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11036,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.slicer,activeset=basicmachine.slicer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11040,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11041,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11042,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11043,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11044,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11045,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11046,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.thermalcentrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11050,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.wiremill,activeset=basicmachine.wiremill_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11051,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.wiremill,activeset=basicmachine.wiremill_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11052,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.wiremill,activeset=basicmachine.wiremill_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11053,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.wiremill,activeset=basicmachine.wiremill_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11054,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.wiremill,activeset=basicmachine.wiremill_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11055,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.wiremill,activeset=basicmachine.wiremill_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11056,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.wiremill,activeset=basicmachine.wiremill_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11060,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.pump,activeset=basicmachine.pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11061,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.pump,activeset=basicmachine.pump_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11070,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.arcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.arcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11071,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.arcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.arcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11072,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.arcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.arcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11073,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.arcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.arcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11074,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.arcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.arcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11075,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.arcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.arcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11076,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.arcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.arcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11080,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.centrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.centrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11081,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.centrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.centrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11082,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.centrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.centrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11083,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.centrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.centrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11084,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.centrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.centrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11085,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.centrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.centrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11086,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.centrifuge,activeset=basicmachine.centrifuge_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11090,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11091,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11092,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11093,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11094,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11095,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11096,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace,activeset=basicmachine.plasmaarcfurnace_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11100,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11101,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.02
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11102,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.03
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11103,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.04
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11104,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11105,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.06
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11106,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.07
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11107,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.accelerator.tier.08
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11120,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.brewery,activeset=basicmachine.brewery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11121,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.brewery,activeset=basicmachine.brewery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11122,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.brewery,activeset=basicmachine.brewery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11123,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.brewery,activeset=basicmachine.brewery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11124,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.brewery,activeset=basicmachine.brewery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11125,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.brewery,activeset=basicmachine.brewery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11126,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.brewery,activeset=basicmachine.brewery_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11130,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.canner,activeset=basicmachine.canner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11131,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.canner,activeset=basicmachine.canner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11132,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.canner,activeset=basicmachine.canner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11133,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.canner,activeset=basicmachine.canner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11134,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.canner,activeset=basicmachine.canner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11135,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.canner,activeset=basicmachine.canner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11136,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.canner,activeset=basicmachine.canner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11140,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalbath,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalbath_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11141,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalbath,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalbath_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11142,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalbath,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalbath_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11143,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalbath,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalbath_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11144,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalbath,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalbath_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11145,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalbath,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalbath_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11146,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalbath,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalbath_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11150,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11151,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11152,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11153,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11154,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11155,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11156,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor,activeset=basicmachine.chemicalreactor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11170,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.fermenter,activeset=basicmachine.fermenter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11171,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.fermenter,activeset=basicmachine.fermenter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11172,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.fermenter,activeset=basicmachine.fermenter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11173,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.fermenter,activeset=basicmachine.fermenter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11174,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.fermenter,activeset=basicmachine.fermenter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11175,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.fermenter,activeset=basicmachine.fermenter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11176,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.fermenter,activeset=basicmachine.fermenter_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11180,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.fluidcanner,activeset=basicmachine.fluidcanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11181,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.fluidcanner,activeset=basicmachine.fluidcanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11182,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.fluidcanner,activeset=basicmachine.fluidcanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11183,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.fluidcanner,activeset=basicmachine.fluidcanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11184,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.fluidcanner,activeset=basicmachine.fluidcanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11185,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.fluidcanner,activeset=basicmachine.fluidcanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11186,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.fluidcanner,activeset=basicmachine.fluidcanner_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11190,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.fluidextractor,activeset=basicmachine.fluidextractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11191,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.fluidextractor,activeset=basicmachine.fluidextractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11192,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.fluidextractor,activeset=basicmachine.fluidextractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11193,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.fluidextractor,activeset=basicmachine.fluidextractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11194,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.fluidextractor,activeset=basicmachine.fluidextractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11195,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.fluidextractor,activeset=basicmachine.fluidextractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11196,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.fluidextractor,activeset=basicmachine.fluidextractor_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11200,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.fluidheater,activeset=basicmachine.fluidheater_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11201,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.fluidheater,activeset=basicmachine.fluidheater_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11202,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.fluidheater,activeset=basicmachine.fluidheater_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11203,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.fluidheater,activeset=basicmachine.fluidheater_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11204,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.fluidheater,activeset=basicmachine.fluidheater_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11205,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.fluidheater,activeset=basicmachine.fluidheater_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11206,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.fluidheater,activeset=basicmachine.fluidheater_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11210,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.mixer,activeset=basicmachine.mixer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11211,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.mixer,activeset=basicmachine.mixer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11212,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.mixer,activeset=basicmachine.mixer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11213,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.mixer,activeset=basicmachine.mixer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11214,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.mixer,activeset=basicmachine.mixer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11215,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.mixer,activeset=basicmachine.mixer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11216,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.mixer,activeset=basicmachine.mixer_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11220,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11221,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11222,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11223,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11224,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11230,baseset=hull.tier.10
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11231,baseset=hull.tier.11
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11232,baseset=hull.tier.12
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11233,baseset=hull.tier.13
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11234,baseset=hull.tier.14
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11240,baseset=hull.tier.10
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11241,baseset=hull.tier.11
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11242,baseset=hull.tier.12
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11243,baseset=hull.tier.13
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11245,baseset=hull.tier.14
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11250,baseset=hull.tier.10
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11251,baseset=hull.tier.11
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11252,baseset=hull.tier.12
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11253,baseset=hull.tier.13
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11255,baseset=hull.tier.14
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11260,baseset=hull.tier.10
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11261,baseset=hull.tier.11
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11262,baseset=hull.tier.12
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11263,baseset=hull.tier.13
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11265,baseset=hull.tier.14
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11270,baseset=hull.tier.10
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11271,baseset=hull.tier.11
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11272,baseset=hull.tier.12
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11273,baseset=hull.tier.13
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11275,baseset=hull.tier.14
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11280,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11281,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11282,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11283,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=OVERLAY_ENERGY_OUT_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11290,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11291,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11292,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11293,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.dynamo,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11300,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.energy,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11301,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.energy,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11302,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.energy,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11303,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energy,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11310,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11311,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11312,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11313,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11314,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11315,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11316,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11317,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11318,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11319,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11320,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11321,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11330,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=7A44B0,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11331,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=7A44B0,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11332,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=7A44B0,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11333,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=7A44B0,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11334,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=7A44B0,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11335,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=7A44B0,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11336,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11337,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11338,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11339,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11340,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11341,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11350,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11351,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11352,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11353,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11354,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11355,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11356,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11357,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11358,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11359,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11360,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11361,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11370,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=00D10B,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11371,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=00D10B,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11372,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=00D10B,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11373,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=00D10B,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11374,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=00D10B,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11375,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=00D10B,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11376,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11377,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11378,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11379,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11380,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11381,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11390,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11391,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11392,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11393,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11394,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11395,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=323232,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11410,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=F44E00,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11411,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=F44E00,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11412,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=F44E00,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11413,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=F44E00,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11414,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=F44E00,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11415,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=F44E00,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11430,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11431,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11432,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11433,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11434,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11435,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFFFFF,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11450,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C8C8D2,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11451,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C8C8D2,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11452,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C8C8D2,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11453,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C8C8D2,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11454,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C8C8D2,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11455,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=C8C8D2,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11456,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11457,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11458,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11459,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11460,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11461,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11470,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=660033,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11471,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=660033,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11472,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=660033,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11473,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=660033,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11474,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=660033,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11475,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=660033,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11476,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11477,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11478,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11479,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11480,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11481,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11490,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B9B9B9,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11491,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B9B9B9,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11492,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B9B9B9,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11493,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B9B9B9,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11494,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B9B9B9,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11495,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B9B9B9,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11496,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11497,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11498,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11499,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11500,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11501,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11510,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFAA51,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11511,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFAA51,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11512,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFAA51,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11513,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFAA51,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11514,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFAA51,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11515,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=FFAA51,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11516,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11517,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11518,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11519,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11520,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11521,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11530,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=9DBC35,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11531,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=9DBC35,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11532,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=9DBC35,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11533,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=9DBC35,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11534,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=9DBC35,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11535,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=9DBC35,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11536,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11537,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11538,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11539,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11540,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11541,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11550,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=886288,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11551,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=886288,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11552,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=886288,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11553,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=886288,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11554,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=886288,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11555,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=886288,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11556,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11557,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11558,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11559,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11560,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11561,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11570,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=D9DCCB,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11571,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=D9DCCB,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11572,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=D9DCCB,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11573,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=D9DCCB,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11574,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=D9DCCB,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11575,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=D9DCCB,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11576,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11577,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11578,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11579,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11580,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11581,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11590,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=336600,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11591,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=336600,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11592,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=336600,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11593,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=336600,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11594,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=336600,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11595,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=336600,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11596,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11597,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11598,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11599,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11600,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11601,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11610,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=6464FF,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11611,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=6464FF,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11612,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=6464FF,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11613,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=6464FF,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11614,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=6464FF,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11615,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=6464FF,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11616,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11617,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11618,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11619,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11620,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11621,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11910,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11911,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11912,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11913,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=11989,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=transformer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12000,iconset=wettransformer.tier.00,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12001,iconset=wetransformer.tier.01,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12002,iconset=wettransformer.tier.02,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12003,iconset=wettransformer.tier.03,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12004,iconset=wettransformer.tier.04,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12005,iconset=wettransformer.tier.05,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12006,iconset=wettransformer.tier.06,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12007,iconset=wettransformer.tier.07,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12008,iconset=wettransformer.tier.08,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12009,iconset=wettransformer.tier.09,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12010,iconset=wettransformer.tier.10,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12011,iconset=wettransformer.tier.11,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12012,iconset=wettransformer.tier.12,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12020,iconset=multimachine.airfilter.01,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12021,iconset=multimachine.airfilter.02,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12022,iconset=multimachine.airfilter.03,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12040,iconset=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.00,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12041,iconset=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.01,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12042,iconset=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.02,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12043,iconset=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.03,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12044,iconset=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.04,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12045,iconset=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.05,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12046,iconset=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.06,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12047,iconset=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.07,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12048,iconset=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.08,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12049,iconset=batteryturbocharger.16.tier.09,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12060,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=automation.chestbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12061,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=automation.chestbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12062,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=automation.chestbuffer
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12080,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.rockbreaker
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12081,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.rockbreaker
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12082,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.rockbreaker
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12083,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.rockbreaker
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12084,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.rockbreaker
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12085,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.rockbreaker
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12086,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.rockbreaker
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12090,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=basicmachine.circuitassembler,activeset=basicmachine.circuitassembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12091,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=basicmachine.circuitassembler,activeset=basicmachine.circuitassembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12092,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=basicmachine.circuitassembler,activeset=basicmachine.circuitassembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12093,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=basicmachine.circuitassembler,activeset=basicmachine.circuitassembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12094,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=basicmachine.circuitassembler,activeset=basicmachine.circuitassembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12096,baseset=hull.tier.14,iconset=basicmachine.circuitassembler,activeset=basicmachine.circuitassembler_active
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12097,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.input,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12098,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.input,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12099,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.input,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12100,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.input,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12102,baseset=hull.tier.14,iconset=hatch.input,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12103,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.output,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12104,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.output,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12105,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.output,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12106,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.output,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12108,baseset=hull.tier.14,iconset=hatch.output,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12501,iconset=basic_crop_gene_extractor,activeset=basic_crop_gene_extractor_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12502,iconset=advanced_crop_gene_extractor_i,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12503,iconset=advanced_crop_gene_extractor_ii,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12504,iconset=advanced_crop_gene_extractor_iii,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12505,iconset=advanced_crop_gene_extractor_iv,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12506,iconset=advanced_crop_gene_extractor_v,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12507,iconset=advanced_crop_gene_extractor_vi,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12508,iconset=advanced_crop_gene_extractor_vii,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12509,iconset=advanced_crop_gene_extractor_iix,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12510,iconset=basic_crop_replicator,activeset=basic_crop_replicator_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12511,iconset=advanced_crop_replicator_i,activeset=advanced_crop_replicator_i_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12512,iconset=advanced_crop_replicator_ii,activeset=advanced_crop_replicator_ii_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12513,iconset=advanced_crop_replicator_iii,activeset=advanced_crop_replicator_iii_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12514,iconset=advanced_crop_replicator_iv,activeset=advanced_crop_replicator_iv_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12515,iconset=advanced_crop_replicator_v,activeset=advanced_crop_replicator_v_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12516,iconset=advanced_crop_replicator_vi,activeset=advanced_crop_replicator_vi_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12517,iconset=advanced_crop_replicator_vii,activeset=advanced_crop_replicator_vii_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12518,iconset=advanced_crop_replicator_iix,activeset=advanced_crop_replicator_iix_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12519,iconset=basic_crop_synthesiser,activeset=basic_crop_synthesiser_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12520,iconset=advanced_crop_synthesiser_i,activeset=advanced_crop_synthesiser_i_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12521,iconset=advanced_crop_synthesiser_ii,activeset=advanced_crop_synthesiser_ii_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12522,iconset=advanced_crop_synthesiser_iii,activeset=advanced_crop_synthesiser_iii_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12523,iconset=advanced_crop_synthesiser_iv,activeset=advanced_crop_synthesiser_iv_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12524,iconset=advanced_crop_synthesiser_v,activeset=advanced_crop_synthesiser_v_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12525,iconset=advanced_crop_synthesiser_vi,activeset=advanced_crop_synthesiser_vi_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12526,iconset=advanced_crop_synthesiser_vii,activeset=advanced_crop_synthesiser_vii_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12527,iconset=advanced_crop_synthesiser_iix,activeset=advanced_crop_synthesiser_iix_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12528,iconset=basic_cropweedpicker,activeset=basic_cropweedpicker_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12600,iconset=multimachine.lesu,activeset=multimachine.lesu_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/LESU_CASING_0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12601,iconset=energydistributorulv,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12602,iconset=energydistributorlv,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12603,iconset=energydistributormv,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12604,iconset=energydistributorhv,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12605,iconset=energydistributorev,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12606,iconset=energydistributoriv,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12607,iconset=energydistributorluv,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12608,iconset=energydistributorzpm,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12609,iconset=energydistributoruv,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12610,iconset=energydistributoruhv,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12611,iconset=energydistributoruev,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12612,iconset=energydistributoruiv,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12613,iconset=energydistributorumv,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12614,iconset=energydistributoruxv,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12615,iconset=energydistributormax,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12617,baseset=hull.tier.00
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12618,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12619,baseset=hull.tier.02
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12620,baseset=hull.tier.03
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12621,baseset=hull.tier.04
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12622,baseset=hull.tier.05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12623,baseset=hull.tier.06
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12624,baseset=hull.tier.07
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12625,baseset=hull.tier.08
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12626,baseset=hull.tier.09
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12627,baseset=hull.tier.10
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12628,baseset=hull.tier.11
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12629,baseset=hull.tier.12
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12630,baseset=hull.tier.13
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12631,baseset=hull.tier.14
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12633,baseset=hull.tier.00
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12634,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12635,baseset=hull.tier.02
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12636,baseset=hull.tier.03
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12637,baseset=hull.tier.04
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12638,baseset=hull.tier.05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12639,baseset=hull.tier.06
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12640,baseset=hull.tier.07
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12641,baseset=hull.tier.08
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12642,baseset=hull.tier.09
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12643,baseset=hull.tier.10
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12644,baseset=hull.tier.11
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12645,baseset=hull.tier.12
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12646,baseset=hull.tier.13
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12647,baseset=hull.tier.14
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12649,baseset=hull.tier.00
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12650,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12651,baseset=hull.tier.02
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12652,baseset=hull.tier.03
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12653,baseset=hull.tier.04
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12654,baseset=hull.tier.05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12655,baseset=hull.tier.06
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12656,baseset=hull.tier.07
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12657,baseset=hull.tier.08
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12658,baseset=hull.tier.09
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12659,baseset=hull.tier.10
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12660,baseset=hull.tier.11
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12661,baseset=hull.tier.12
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12662,baseset=hull.tier.13
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12663,baseset=hull.tier.14
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12665,baseset=hull.tier.00
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12666,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12667,baseset=hull.tier.02
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12668,baseset=hull.tier.03
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12669,baseset=hull.tier.04
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12670,baseset=hull.tier.05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12671,baseset=hull.tier.06
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12672,baseset=hull.tier.07
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12673,baseset=hull.tier.08
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12674,baseset=hull.tier.09
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12675,baseset=hull.tier.10
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12676,baseset=hull.tier.11
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12677,baseset=hull.tier.12
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12678,baseset=hull.tier.13
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12679,baseset=hull.tier.14
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12681,baseset=hull.tier.00
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12682,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12683,baseset=hull.tier.02
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12684,baseset=hull.tier.03
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12685,baseset=hull.tier.04
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12686,baseset=hull.tier.05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12687,baseset=hull.tier.06
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12688,baseset=hull.tier.07
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12689,baseset=hull.tier.08
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12690,baseset=hull.tier.09
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12691,baseset=hull.tier.10
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12692,baseset=hull.tier.11
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12693,baseset=hull.tier.12
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12694,baseset=hull.tier.13
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12695,baseset=hull.tier.14
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12697,iconset=multimachine.bw.manualtrafo,activeset=multimachine.bw.manualtrafo_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_MV_SIDE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12698,iconset=multimachine.bw.windmill,activeset=multimachine.bw.windmill_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/windmill_top
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12699,iconset=bw.biolabhv,activeset=bw.biolabhv_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12700,iconset=bw.biolabev,activeset=bw.biolabev_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12701,iconset=bw.biolabiv,activeset=bw.biolabiv_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12702,iconset=bw.biolabluv,activeset=bw.biolabluv_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12703,iconset=bw.biolabzpm,activeset=bw.biolabzpm_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12704,iconset=bw.biolabuv,activeset=bw.biolabuv_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12705,iconset=bw.biolabuhv,activeset=bw.biolabuhv_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12706,iconset=bw.biolabuev,activeset=bw.biolabuev_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12707,iconset=bw.biolabuiv,activeset=bw.biolabuiv_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12708,iconset=bw.biolabumv,activeset=bw.biolabumv_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12709,iconset=bw.biolabuxv,activeset=bw.biolabuxv_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12710,iconset=bw.biolabmax,activeset=bw.biolabmax_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12712,iconset=multimachine.bw.biovat,activeset=multimachine.bw.biovat_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12713,iconset=bw.radiohatchhv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12714,iconset=bw.radiohatchev,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12715,iconset=bw.radiohatchiv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12716,iconset=bw.radiohatchluv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12717,iconset=bw.radiohatchzpm,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12718,iconset=bw.radiohatchuv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12719,iconset=bw.radiohatchuhv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12720,iconset=bw.radiohatchuev,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12721,iconset=bw.radiohatchuiv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12722,iconset=bw.radiohatchumv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12723,iconset=bw.radiohatchuxv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12724,iconset=bw.radiohatchmax,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12726,iconset=acidgeneratormv,activeset=acidgeneratormv_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12727,iconset=acidgeneratorhv,activeset=acidgeneratorhv_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12728,iconset=acidgeneratorev,activeset=acidgeneratorev_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12729,iconset=multimachine.dehp,activeset=multimachine.dehp_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_HEATPROOFCASING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12730,iconset=multimachine.megablastfurnace,activeset=multimachine.megablastfurnace_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_HEATPROOFCASING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12731,iconset=multimachine.megavacuumfreezer,activeset=multimachine.megavacuumfreezer_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FROST_PROOF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12732,iconset=multimachine.nag,activeset=multimachine.nag_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_RADIATIONPROOF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12733,iconset=multimachine.thtr,activeset=multimachine.thtr_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_RADIATIONPROOF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12734,iconset=multimachine.electricimplosioncompressor,activeset=multimachine.electricimplosioncompressor_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_SOLID_STEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12735,iconset=multimachine.circuitassemblyline,activeset=multimachine.circuitassemblyline_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_SOLID_STEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12736,iconset=compressedfluidhatch,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12737,iconset=giantoutputhatch,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12738,iconset=multimachine.megadistillationtower,activeset=multimachine.megadistillationtower_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12739,iconset=multimachine.voidminer3,activeset=multimachine.voidminer3_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MINING_NEUTRONIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12740,iconset=multimachine.voidminer2,activeset=multimachine.voidminer2_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MINING_BLACKPLUTONIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12741,iconset=multimachine.voidminer1,activeset=multimachine.voidminer1_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_UV_SIDE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12742,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=E6F3E6,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12743,iconset=ev_lplaser_converter_32,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12744,iconset=iv_lplaser_converter_32,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12745,iconset=luv_lplaser_converter_32,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12746,iconset=zpm_lplaser_converter_32,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12747,iconset=ev_lplaser_converter_64,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12748,iconset=iv_lplaser_converter_64,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12749,iconset=luv_lplaser_converter_64,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12750,iconset=zpm_lplaser_converter_64,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12751,iconset=ev_lplaser_converter_96,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12752,iconset=iv_lplaser_converter_96,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12753,iconset=luv_lplaser_converter_96,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12754,iconset=zpm_lplaser_converter_96,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12755,iconset=ev_lplaser_converter_128,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12756,iconset=iv_lplaser_converter_128,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12757,iconset=luv_lplaser_converter_128,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12758,iconset=zpm_lplaser_converter_128,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12759,iconset=ev_lplaser_hatch_32,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12760,iconset=iv_lplaser_hatch_32,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12761,iconset=luv_lplaser_hatch_32,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12762,iconset=zpm_lplaser_hatch_32,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12763,iconset=ev_lplaser_hatch_64,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12764,iconset=iv_lplaser_hatch_64,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12765,iconset=luv_lplaser_hatch_64,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12766,iconset=zpm_lplaser_hatch_64,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12767,iconset=ev_lplaser_hatch_96,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12768,iconset=iv_lplaser_hatch_96,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12769,iconset=luv_lplaser_hatch_96,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12770,iconset=zpm_lplaser_hatch_96,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12771,iconset=ev_lplaser_hatch_128,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12772,iconset=iv_lplaser_hatch_128,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12773,iconset=luv_lplaser_hatch_128,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12774,iconset=zpm_lplaser_hatch_128,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12775,iconset=ev_lplaser_dynamo_32,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12776,iconset=iv_lplaser_dynamo_32,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12777,iconset=luv_lplaser_dynamo_32,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12778,iconset=zpm_lplaser_dynamo_32,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12779,iconset=ev_lplaser_dynamo_64,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12780,iconset=iv_lplaser_dynamo_64,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12781,iconset=luv_lplaser_dynamo_64,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12782,iconset=zpm_lplaser_dynamo_64,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12783,iconset=ev_lplaser_dynamo_96,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12784,iconset=iv_lplaser_dynamo_96,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12785,iconset=luv_lplaser_dynamo_96,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12786,iconset=zpm_lplaser_dynamo_96,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12787,iconset=ev_lplaser_dynamo_128,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12788,iconset=iv_lplaser_dynamo_128,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12789,iconset=luv_lplaser_dynamo_128,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12790,iconset=zpm_lplaser_dynamo_128,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12791,iconset=multimachine.htgr,activeset=multimachine.htgr_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ADVANCEDRADIATIONPROOF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12792,iconset=multimachine.extremegreenhouse,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.extremegreenhouse_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12793,iconset=acidgeneratorlv,activeset=acidgeneratorlv_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12799,iconset=humongousinputhatch,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12983,iconset=essentia_hatchulv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12984,iconset=essentia_hatchlv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12985,iconset=essentia_hatchmv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12986,iconset=essentia_hatchhv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12987,iconset=essentia_hatchev,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12988,iconset=essentia_hatchiv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12989,iconset=essentia_hatchluv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12990,iconset=essentia_hatchzpm,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12991,iconset=essentia_hatchuv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12992,iconset=essentia_hatchuhv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12993,iconset=essentia_hatchuev,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12994,iconset=essentia_hatchuiv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12995,iconset=essentia_hatchumv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12996,iconset=essentia_hatchuxv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=12997,iconset=essentia_hatchmax,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=13101,iconset=multimachine.fuelcellmk1,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.fuelcellmk1_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=13102,iconset=multimachine.fuelcellmk2,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.fuelcellmk2_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=13104,iconset=multimachine.tfft,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.tfft_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/TFFTCasing
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=13106,iconset=multimachine.supercapacitor,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.supercapacitor_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=13109,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=machine.tffthatch
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=13366,iconset=multimachine.megachemicalreactor,activeset=multimachine.megachemicalreactor_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CHEMICALLY_INERT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=13367,iconset=multimachine.megaoilcracker,activeset=multimachine.megaoilcracker_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=13532,iconset=multimachine.ggfab.machine.adv_assline,activeset=multimachine.ggfab.machine.adv_assline_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_SOLID_STEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=13533,iconset=ggfab.machine.linked_input_bus,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=14001,iconset=multimachine.dysonswarm,activeset=multimachine.dysonswarm_active,basetex=0:dysonSwarm/ReceiverCasing_Side
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=14002,iconset=multimachine.planetarygassiphon,activeset=multimachine.planetarygassiphon_active,basetex=0:galaxyspace/overworld/machine
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=14003,iconset=multimachine.spaceelevator,activeset=multimachine.spaceelevator_active,basetex=0:spaceElevator/BaseCasing
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=14004,iconset=multimachine.projectmoduleassemblert1,activeset=multimachine.projectmoduleassemblert1_active,basetex=0:spaceElevator/BaseCasing
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=14005,iconset=multimachine.projectmoduleassemblert2,activeset=multimachine.projectmoduleassemblert2_active,basetex=0:spaceElevator/BaseCasing
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=14006,iconset=multimachine.projectmoduleassemblert3,activeset=multimachine.projectmoduleassemblert3_active,basetex=0:spaceElevator/BaseCasing
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=14007,iconset=multimachine.projectmoduleminert1,activeset=multimachine.projectmoduleminert1_active,basetex=0:spaceElevator/BaseCasing
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=14008,iconset=multimachine.projectmoduleminert2,activeset=multimachine.projectmoduleminert2_active,basetex=0:spaceElevator/BaseCasing
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=14009,iconset=multimachine.projectmoduleminert3,activeset=multimachine.projectmoduleminert3_active,basetex=0:spaceElevator/BaseCasing
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=14010,iconset=multimachine.projectmodulepumpt1,activeset=multimachine.projectmodulepumpt1_active,basetex=0:spaceElevator/BaseCasing
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=14011,iconset=multimachine.projectmodulepumpt2,activeset=multimachine.projectmodulepumpt2_active,basetex=0:spaceElevator/BaseCasing
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=14012,iconset=multimachine.projectmodulemanager,activeset=multimachine.projectmodulemanager_active,basetex=0:spaceElevator/BaseCasing
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=14013,iconset=multimachine.projectmoduleresearch,activeset=multimachine.projectmoduleresearch_active,basetex=0:spaceElevator/BaseCasing
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=14014,iconset=multimachine.projectmodulepumpt3,activeset=multimachine.projectmodulepumpt3_active,basetex=0:spaceElevator/BaseCasing
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=14101,iconset=multimachine.mxrandomlargemolecularassembler,activeset=multimachine.mxrandomlargemolecularassembler_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=14201,iconset=multimachine.exterminationchamber,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.exterminationchamber_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_SOLID_STEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=14202,iconset=multimachine.extremeapiary,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.extremeapiary_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZEPLATEDBRICKS
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15000,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.emin,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15001,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.emin,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15002,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.emin,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15003,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.emin,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15004,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.emin,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15005,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.emin,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15010,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.emout,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15011,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.emout,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15012,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.emout,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15013,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.emout,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15014,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.emout,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15015,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.emout,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15020,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.emmuffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15021,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.emmuffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15022,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.emmuffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15023,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.emmuffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15024,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.emmuffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15025,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.emmuffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15030,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=machine.avr
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15031,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=machine.avr
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15032,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=machine.avr
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15033,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=machine.avr
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15034,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=machine.avr
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15035,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=machine.avr
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15036,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=machine.avr
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15037,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=machine.avr
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15038,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=machine.avr
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15039,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=machine.avr
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15065,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15066,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15067,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15068,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.05,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15069,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.05,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15070,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.05,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15071,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.06,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15072,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.06,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15073,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.06,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15074,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.07,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15075,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.07,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15076,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.07,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15077,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.08,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15078,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.08,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15079,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.08,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15080,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.09,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15081,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.09,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15082,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.09,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15083,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.10,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15084,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.10,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15085,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.10,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15086,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.11,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15087,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.11,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15088,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.11,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15089,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.12,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15090,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.12,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15091,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.12,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15092,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.13,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15093,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.13,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15094,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.13,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15095,baseset=hull.tier.14,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti04.tier.14,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15096,baseset=hull.tier.14,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti16.tier.14,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15097,baseset=hull.tier.14,iconset=hatch.energywirelessmulti64.tier.14,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15100,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.energymulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15101,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.energymulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15102,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.energymulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15103,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.energymulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15104,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.energymulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15105,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.energymulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15106,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.energymulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15107,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.energymulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15108,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energymulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15109,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.energymulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15110,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.energymulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15111,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.energymulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15112,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.energymulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15113,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.energymulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15114,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.energymulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15115,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.energymulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15116,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.energymulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15117,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.energymulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15118,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energymulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15119,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.energymulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15120,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.energymulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15121,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.energymulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15122,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.energymulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15123,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.energymulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15124,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.energymulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15125,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.energymulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15126,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.energymulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15127,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.energymulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15128,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energymulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15129,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.energymulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15130,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.energytunnel1,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15131,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.energytunnel1,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15132,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.energytunnel1,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15133,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.energytunnel1,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15134,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.energytunnel1,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15135,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.energytunnel1,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15136,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.energytunnel1,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15137,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.energytunnel1,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15138,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energytunnel1,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15140,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.energytunnel2,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15141,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.energytunnel2,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15142,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.energytunnel2,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15143,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.energytunnel2,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15144,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.energytunnel2,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15145,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.energytunnel2,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15146,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.energytunnel2,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15147,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.energytunnel2,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15148,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energytunnel2,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15150,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.energytunnel3,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15151,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.energytunnel3,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15152,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.energytunnel3,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15153,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.energytunnel3,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15154,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.energytunnel3,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15155,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.energytunnel3,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15156,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.energytunnel3,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15157,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.energytunnel3,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15158,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energytunnel3,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15160,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.energytunnel4,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15161,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.energytunnel4,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15162,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.energytunnel4,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15163,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.energytunnel4,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15164,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.energytunnel4,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15165,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.energytunnel4,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15166,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.energytunnel4,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15167,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.energytunnel4,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15168,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energytunnel4,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15170,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.energytunnel5,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15171,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.energytunnel5,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15172,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.energytunnel5,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15173,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.energytunnel5,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15174,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.energytunnel5,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15175,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.energytunnel5,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15176,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.energytunnel5,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15177,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.energytunnel5,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15178,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energytunnel5,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15180,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.energytunnel6,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15181,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.energytunnel6,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15182,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.energytunnel6,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15183,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.energytunnel6,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15184,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.energytunnel6,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15185,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.energytunnel6,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15186,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.energytunnel6,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15187,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.energytunnel6,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15188,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energytunnel6,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15190,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.energytunnel7,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15191,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.energytunnel7,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15192,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.energytunnel7,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15193,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.energytunnel7,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15194,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.energytunnel7,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15195,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.energytunnel7,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15196,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.energytunnel7,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15197,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.energytunnel7,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15198,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energytunnel7,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15199,baseset=hull.tier.14,iconset=hatch.energytunnel,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15200,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15201,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15202,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15203,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15204,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15205,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15206,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15207,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15208,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15209,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti04,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15210,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15211,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15212,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15213,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15214,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15215,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15216,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15217,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15218,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15219,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti16,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15220,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15221,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15222,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15223,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15224,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15225,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15226,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15227,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15228,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15229,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.dynamomulti64,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15230,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel1,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15231,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel1,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15232,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel1,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15233,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel1,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15234,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel1,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15235,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel1,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15236,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel1,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15237,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel1,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15238,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel1,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15240,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel2,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15241,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel2,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15242,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel2,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15243,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel2,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15244,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel2,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15245,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel2,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15246,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel2,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15247,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel2,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15248,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel2,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15250,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel3,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15251,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel3,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15252,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel3,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15253,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel3,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15254,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel3,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15255,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel3,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15256,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel3,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15257,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel3,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15258,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel3,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15260,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel4,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15261,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel4,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15262,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel4,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15263,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel4,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15264,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel4,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15265,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel4,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15266,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel4,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15267,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel4,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15268,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel4,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15270,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel5,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15271,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel5,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15272,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel5,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15273,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel5,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15274,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel5,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15275,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel5,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15276,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel5,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15277,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel5,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15278,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel5,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15280,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel6,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15281,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel6,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15282,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel6,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15283,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel6,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15284,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel6,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15285,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel6,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15286,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel6,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15287,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel6,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15288,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel6,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15290,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel7,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15291,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel7,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15292,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel7,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15293,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel7,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15294,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel7,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15295,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel7,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15296,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel7,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15297,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel7,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15298,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel7,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15299,baseset=hull.tier.14,iconset=hatch.dynamotunnel,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15300,iconset=multimachine.em.transformer,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_POWER
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15310,iconset=multimachine.em.switch,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_PC
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15311,iconset=multimachine.em.computer,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_PC_VENT
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15312,iconset=multimachine.tm.microwave,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15313,iconset=multimachine.em.databank,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_PC
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15314,iconset=multimachine.tm.teslacoil,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/TM_TESLA_BASE_SIDES
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15320,iconset=multimachine.em.junction,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_CASING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15321,iconset=multimachine.em.mattertoem,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_CASING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15322,iconset=multimachine.em.emtomatter,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_CASING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15323,iconset=multimachine.em.essentiatoem,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_CASING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15324,iconset=multimachine.em.emtoessentia,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_CASING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15330,iconset=multimachine.em.scanner,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_CASING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15331,iconset=multimachine.em.research,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_PC_ADV
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15340,iconset=multimachine.em.collider,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_CASING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15350,iconset=multimachine.em.infuser,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_CASING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15360,iconset=multimachine.em.processing,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_CASING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15370,iconset=multimachine.em.crafter,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_ULTIMATE_CASING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15380,iconset=multimachine.em.stabilizer,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_CASING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15390,iconset=multimachine.em.wormhole,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_CASING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15400,iconset=multimachine.em.decay,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_ULTIMATE_CASING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15405,iconset=multimachine.em.annihilation,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_ULTIMATE_CASING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15410,iconset=multimachine.em.eye_of_harmony,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/EM_ULTIMATE_CASING
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15420,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.param,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15421,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.param,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15422,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.param,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15430,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.certain,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15431,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=hatch.certain,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15440,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.datain,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15441,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.dataout,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15442,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.datainass,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15443,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.dataoutass,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15450,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.rack,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15451,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.holder,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15452,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=hatch.capacitor,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15460,mtetype=pipe,basetex=0:mte/iconsets/EM_PIPE,basetex2=17000:mte/iconsets/EM_CANDY,colormul=000000,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15465,mtetype=pipe,basetex=0:mte/iconsets/EM_LASER,basetex2=17000:mte/iconsets/EM_CANDY,colormul=000000,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15470,mtetype=pipe,basetex=0:mte/iconsets/EM_DATA,basetex2=17000:mte/iconsets/EM_BAR,colormul=000000,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15471,mtetype=pipe,basetex=0:mte/iconsets/EM_PIPE,basetex2=17000:mte/iconsets/EM_CANDY,colormul=000000,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15472,mtetype=pipe,basetex=0:mte/iconsets/EM_LASER,basetex2=17000:mte/iconsets/EM_CANDY,colormul=000000,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15473,mtetype=pipe,basetex=0:mte/iconsets/EM_DATA,basetex2=17000:mte/iconsets/EM_BAR,colormul=000000,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15480,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=machine.tt.ownerdetector
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15481,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=machine.tt.datareader
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15485,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=machine.tt.buck.05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15486,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=machine.tt.buck.06
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15487,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=machine.tt.buck.07
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15488,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=machine.tt.buck.08
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15489,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=machine.tt.buck.09
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15490,baseset=hull.tier.10,iconset=machine.tt.buck.10
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15491,baseset=hull.tier.11,iconset=machine.tt.buck.11
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15492,baseset=hull.tier.12,iconset=machine.tt.buck.12
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15493,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=machine.tt.buck.13
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15495,iconset=debug.tt.pollutor,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15496,iconset=debug.tt.data,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15497,iconset=debug.tt.maintenance,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15498,iconset=debug.tt.genny,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15499,iconset=debug.tt.writer,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15500,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energywirelesstunnel1.tier.13,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15501,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energywirelesstunnel2.tier.13,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15502,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energywirelesstunnel3.tier.13,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15503,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energywirelesstunnel4.tier.13,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15504,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energywirelesstunnel5.tier.13,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15505,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energywirelesstunnel6.tier.13,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=15506,baseset=hull.tier.13,iconset=hatch.energywirelesstunnel7.tier.13,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16000,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16001,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.02
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16002,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.03
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16003,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.04
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16004,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16005,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16006,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.02
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16007,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.03
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16008,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.04
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16009,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16010,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16011,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.02
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16012,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.03
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16013,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.04
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16014,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16015,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16016,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.02
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16017,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.03
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16018,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.04
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16019,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=machine.tt.tesla.05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=16999,iconset=multimachine.frf,activeset=multimachine.frf_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MINING_BLACKPLUTONIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17000,iconset=multimachine.he_dam,activeset=multimachine.he_dam_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/CONCRETE_LIGHT_STONE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17002,iconset=multimachine.he_pump_lv,activeset=multimachine.he_pump_lv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FROST_PROOF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17003,iconset=multimachine.he_pump_mv,activeset=multimachine.he_pump_mv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FROST_PROOF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17004,iconset=multimachine.he_pump_hv,activeset=multimachine.he_pump_hv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17005,iconset=multimachine.he_pump_ev,activeset=multimachine.he_pump_ev_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17006,iconset=multimachine.he_pump_iv,activeset=multimachine.he_pump_iv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17007,iconset=multimachine.he_pump_luv,activeset=multimachine.he_pump_luv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_RHODIUM_PALLADIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17008,iconset=multimachine.he_pump_zpm,activeset=multimachine.he_pump_zpm_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_IRIDIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17009,iconset=multimachine.he_pump_uv,activeset=multimachine.he_pump_uv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MINING_OSMIRIDIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17010,iconset=multimachine.he_pump_uhv,activeset=multimachine.he_pump_uhv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FROST_PROOF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17011,iconset=multimachine.he_pump_uev,activeset=multimachine.he_pump_uev_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FROST_PROOF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17012,iconset=multimachine.he_pump_uiv,activeset=multimachine.he_pump_uiv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FROST_PROOF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17013,iconset=multimachine.he_pump_umv,activeset=multimachine.he_pump_umv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17014,iconset=multimachine.he_pump_uxv,activeset=multimachine.he_pump_uxv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17015,iconset=multimachine.he_pump_max,activeset=multimachine.he_pump_max_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17018,iconset=multimachine.he_turbine_lv,activeset=multimachine.he_turbine_lv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FROST_PROOF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17019,iconset=multimachine.he_turbine_mv,activeset=multimachine.he_turbine_mv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FROST_PROOF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17020,iconset=multimachine.he_turbine_hv,activeset=multimachine.he_turbine_hv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17021,iconset=multimachine.he_turbine_ev,activeset=multimachine.he_turbine_ev_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17022,iconset=multimachine.he_turbine_iv,activeset=multimachine.he_turbine_iv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17023,iconset=multimachine.he_turbine_luv,activeset=multimachine.he_turbine_luv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_RHODIUM_PALLADIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17024,iconset=multimachine.he_turbine_zpm,activeset=multimachine.he_turbine_zpm_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_IRIDIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17025,iconset=multimachine.he_turbine_uv,activeset=multimachine.he_turbine_uv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_MINING_OSMIRIDIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17026,iconset=multimachine.he_turbine_uhv,activeset=multimachine.he_turbine_uhv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FROST_PROOF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17027,iconset=multimachine.he_turbine_uev,activeset=multimachine.he_turbine_uev_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FROST_PROOF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17028,iconset=multimachine.he_turbine_uiv,activeset=multimachine.he_turbine_uiv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FROST_PROOF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17029,iconset=multimachine.he_turbine_umv,activeset=multimachine.he_turbine_umv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17030,iconset=multimachine.he_turbine_uxv,activeset=multimachine.he_turbine_uxv_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=17031,iconset=multimachine.he_turbine_max,activeset=multimachine.he_turbine_max_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30001,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.muffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30002,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=hatch.muffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30003,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=hatch.muffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30004,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.muffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30005,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.muffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30006,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.muffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30007,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.muffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30008,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.muffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30009,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.muffler,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30010,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.turbine,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30020,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.control,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30021,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30022,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30023,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30024,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30025,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30026,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30027,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30028,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30029,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30030,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30031,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30032,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30033,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30034,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30035,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30036,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30037,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30038,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30039,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30040,baseset=hull.tier.09,iconset=hatch.superbus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30100,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FF6400,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30101,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=FF8000,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30102,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=808080,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30103,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8DC,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30104,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=DCA0F0,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30105,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=6464A0,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30106,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8C8,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30107,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=646464,size=1000
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30500,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30501,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30502,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30503,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30504,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30585,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=000000,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30586,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=000000,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30587,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=000000,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30588,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=000000,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30589,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=000000,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30590,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=000000,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30645,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B53333,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30646,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B53333,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30647,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B53333,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30648,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B53333,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30649,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B53333,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30650,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=B53333,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30651,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30652,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30653,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30654,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30655,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30656,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30700,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30701,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30702,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30703,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30704,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30705,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30706,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30707,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30708,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30709,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30710,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30711,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30712,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30713,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30714,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30715,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30716,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30717,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30718,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30719,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30720,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=F6B5FF,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30721,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=F6B5FF,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30722,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=F6B5FF,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30723,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=F6B5FF,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30724,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=F6B5FF,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30725,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30726,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30727,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30728,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30729,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30730,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30731,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30732,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30733,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30734,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30735,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30736,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30737,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30738,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30739,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30740,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30741,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30742,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30743,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30744,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30745,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30746,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30747,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30748,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30749,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30750,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30751,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30752,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30753,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30754,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=000000,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30755,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30756,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30757,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30758,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30759,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=323232,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30760,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=504650,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30761,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=504650,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30762,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=504650,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30763,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=504650,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30764,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=504650,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30765,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8DC,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30766,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8DC,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30767,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8DC,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30768,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8DC,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30769,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=C8C8DC,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30770,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=8C648C,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30771,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=8C648C,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30772,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=8C648C,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30773,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=8C648C,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30774,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=8C648C,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30995,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=A48F8B,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30996,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=A48F8B,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30997,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=A48F8B,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30998,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=A48F8B,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=30999,mtetype=pipe,basetex=17000:gt_pipe,colormul=A48F8B,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31017,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=simplewasher
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31018,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=simplewasher
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31019,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=simplewasher
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31020,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=simplewasher
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31021,iconset=multimachine.multimachine.adv.distillationtower,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31023,iconset=multimachine.industrialalloysmelter,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_D
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31025,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.turbine,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31026,iconset=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.semifluidgenerator,activeset=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.semifluidgenerator_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31027,iconset=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.isamill,activeset=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.isamill_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_T1
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31028,iconset=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.flotationcell,activeset=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.flotationcell_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_D
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31029,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.milling,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31030,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.catalysts,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31031,iconset=rpu.tier.01,activeset=rpu.tier.01_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31032,iconset=rpu.tier.02,activeset=rpu.tier.02_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31033,iconset=coldtrap.tier.01,activeset=coldtrap.tier.01_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31034,iconset=coldtrap.tier.02,activeset=coldtrap.tier.02_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31035,iconset=multimachine.sparge.controller.single,activeset=multimachine.sparge.controller.single_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_T1
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31040,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.steam,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31041,iconset=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.steam.macerator,activeset=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.steam.macerator_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZEPLATEDBRICKS
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31046,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.input_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31047,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.output_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31050,iconset=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.replicator,activeset=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.replicator_active,basetex=0:metro/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_D
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31051,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.input_bus,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31060,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.energy,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31061,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=hatch.energy,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31062,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=hatch.energy,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31065,iconset=multimachine.industrialrockcrusher,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_RED_STEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31066,iconset=chisel.tier.01,activeset=chisel.tier.01_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31067,iconset=chisel.tier.02,activeset=chisel.tier.02_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31068,iconset=chisel.tier.03,activeset=chisel.tier.03_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31069,iconset=multimachine.adv.chisel,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:chrono/MetalSheet9
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31070,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.air,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31071,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.water,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31072,iconset=multimachine.moleculartransformer,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_GRISIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31073,iconset=multimachine.largergasturbine,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.largergasturbine_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31074,iconset=multimachine.largerplasmaturbine,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.largerplasmaturbine_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31075,iconset=multimachine.industrialhammer,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_H
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31076,iconset=multimachine.largerscturbine,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.largerscturbine_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31077,iconset=multimachine.industrialfluidheater,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TANTALLOY61
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31078,iconset=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.steam.compressor,activeset=multimachine.gtpp.multimachine.steam.compressor_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZEPLATEDBRICKS
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31079,iconset=multimachine.reallybigheatexchanger,mtetype=controller,activeset=multimachine.reallybigheatexchanger_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TALONITE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31081,iconset=workbench.basic,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31082,iconset=workbench.advanced,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31091,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31092,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.02
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31093,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.03
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31094,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.04
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31095,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31096,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.06
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31097,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.07
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31098,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.automation.autoworkbench.08
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31101,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31102,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.02
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31103,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.03
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31104,baseset=hull.tier.04,iconset=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.04
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31105,baseset=hull.tier.05,iconset=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31106,baseset=hull.tier.06,iconset=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.06
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31107,baseset=hull.tier.07,iconset=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.07
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31108,baseset=hull.tier.08,iconset=basicmachine.automation.inventorymanager.08
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31111,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.cropharvester.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31112,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.cropharvester.02
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31113,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.cropharvester.03
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31114,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.cropharvester.04
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31115,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.cropharvester.05
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31116,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.cropharvester.06
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31117,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.cropharvester.07
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31118,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=basicmachine.cropharvester.08
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31120,iconset=redstone.lamp,activeset=redstone.lamp_active,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31121,iconset=redstone.button.panel,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31122,iconset=redstone.display.scale,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31123,iconset=redstone.display.strength,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31124,iconset=redstone.circuit,baseset=hull.tier.01
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31150,iconset=multimachine.industrialsalloyamelter,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_ZIRCONIUM_CARBIDE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31151,iconset=multimachine.quantumforcetransformer,mtetype=controller,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/machine_top
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31777,baseset=hull.tier.00,iconset=hatch.chisel.tier.00,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31778,baseset=hull.tier.01,iconset=hatch.chisel.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31779,baseset=hull.tier.02,iconset=hatch.chisel.tier.02,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=31780,baseset=hull.tier.03,iconset=hatch.chisel.tier.03,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32001,iconset=multimachine.universalchemicalfuelengine,activeset=multimachine.universalchemicalfuelengine_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32002,iconset=multimachine.largeessentiagenerator,activeset=multimachine.largeessentiagenerator_active,basetex=0:GoodGenerator/MagicCasing
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32003,iconset=neutron_accelerator_ulv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32004,iconset=neutron_accelerator_lv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32005,iconset=neutron_accelerator_mv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32006,iconset=neutron_accelerator_hv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32007,iconset=neutron_accelerator_ev,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32008,iconset=neutron_accelerator_iv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32009,iconset=neutron_accelerator_luv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32010,iconset=neutron_accelerator_zpm,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32011,iconset=neutron_accelerator_uv,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32012,iconset=neutron_sensor,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32013,iconset=multimachine.neutronactivator,activeset=multimachine.neutronactivator_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_CLEAN_STAINLESSSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32014,iconset=multimachine.yottafluidtank,activeset=multimachine.yottafluidtank_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/yottaFluidTankCasing_SIDE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32015,iconset=yottafluidtankhatch,baseset=hull.tier.01,ishatch=true
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32016,iconset=multimachine.supercriticalsteamturbine,activeset=multimachine.supercriticalsteamturbine_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/supercriticalFluidTurbineCasing
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32017,iconset=multimachine.extremeheatexchanger,activeset=multimachine.extremeheatexchanger_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_ROBUST_TUNGSTENSTEEL
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32018,iconset=multimachine.preciseassembler,activeset=multimachine.preciseassembler_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PCB_TIER_1
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32019,iconset=multimachine.largefusioncomputer1,activeset=multimachine.largefusioncomputer1_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_LuV_SIDE
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32020,iconset=multimachine.largefusioncomputer2,activeset=multimachine.largefusioncomputer2_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32021,iconset=multimachine.largefusioncomputer3,activeset=multimachine.largefusioncomputer3_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_2
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32022,iconset=multimachine.largefusioncomputer4,activeset=multimachine.largefusioncomputer4_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_RADIATIONPROOF
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32023,iconset=multimachine.largefusioncomputer5,activeset=multimachine.largefusioncomputer5_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_8V_BOTTOM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32024,iconset=multimachine.largeessentiasmeltery,activeset=multimachine.largeessentiasmeltery_active,basetex=0:GoodGenerator/MagicCasing
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32025,iconset=multimachine.coolanttower,activeset=multimachine.coolanttower_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/CONCRETE_DARK_BRICKS_CHISELED
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32026,iconset=multimachine.componentassemblyline,activeset=multimachine.componentassemblyline_active,basetex=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_IRIDIUM
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32737,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E8F224,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32738,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E8F224,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32739,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E8F224,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32740,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E8F224,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32741,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E8F224,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32742,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=E8F224,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32743,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32744,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32745,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32746,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32747,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32748,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32749,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=D44000,size=125
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32750,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=D44000,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32751,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=D44000,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32752,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=D44000,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32753,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=D44000,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32754,mtetype=wire,basetex=17000:gt_wire,colormul=D44000,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32755,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=250
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32756,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=375
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32757,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=500
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32758,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=625
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32759,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=750
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mte,id=32760,mtetype=cable,basetex=17000:gt_cable,colormul=404040,size=875
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mehatch,id=2710
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mehatch,id=2711
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mehatch,id=2713
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mehatch,id=2714
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mehatch,id=2715
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mehatch,id=2716
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=mehatch,id=32015
