# ExtrabiomesXL 3.16.0
version:1.7
modname:ExtrabiomesXL



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/allium,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/allium.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/amaryllis_pink,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/amaryllis_pink.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/amaryllis_red,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/amaryllis_red.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/amaryllis_white,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/amaryllis_white.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/autumnshrub,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/autumnshrub.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/bachelorsbutton_blue,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/bachelorsbutton_blue.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/baldcypresslog1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/baldcypresslog2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/baldcypressside1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/baldcypressside2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/baldcypresstop1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/baldcypresstop2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop3,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/baldcypresstop3.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop4,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/baldcypresstop4.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/belladonna,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/belladonna.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/bellsofireland,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/bellsofireland.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/bluebell,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/bluebell.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/browngrassshort,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/browngrassshort.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/browngrasstall,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/browngrasstall.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/buttercup,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/buttercup.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/calla_black,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/calla_black.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/calla_white,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/calla_white.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/cattail,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/cattail.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/crackedsand,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/crackedsand.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/daisy,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/daisy.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/dandelion,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/dandelion.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/deadgrassshort,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/deadgrassshort.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/deadgrasstall,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/deadgrasstall.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/deadgrassyellow,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/deadgrassyellow.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/door_acacia_lower,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/door_acacia_lower.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/door_autumn_lower,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/door_autumn_lower.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/door_baldcypress_lower,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/door_baldcypress_lower.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/door_cypress_lower,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/door_cypress_lower.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/door_fir_lower,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/door_fir_lower.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/door_japanesemaple_lower,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/door_japanesemaple_lower.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/door_rainboweucalyptus_lower,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/door_rainboweucalyptus_lower.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/door_redwood_lower,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/door_redwood_lower.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/door_sakura_lower,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/door_sakura_lower.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/eelgrass,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/eelgrass.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/firlog1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/firlog1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/firlog2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/firlog2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/firside1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/firside1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/firside2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/firside2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/firtop1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/firtop1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/firtop2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/firtop2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/firtop3,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/firtop3.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/firtop4,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/firtop4.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/gardenia,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/gardenia.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/gerbera_orange,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/gerbera_orange.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/gerbera_pink,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/gerbera_pink.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/gerbera_red,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/gerbera_red.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/gerbera_yellow,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/gerbera_yellow.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/himalayanbluepoppy,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/himalayanbluepoppy.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/hydrangea,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/hydrangea.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/iris_blue,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/iris_blue.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/iris_purple,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/iris_purple.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/lavender,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/lavender.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/leafpile,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/leafpile.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/leavesacaciafancy,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/leavesacaciafancy.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/leavesbaldcypressfancy,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/leavesbaldcypressfancy.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/leavesbrownautumnfancy,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/leavesbrownautumnfancy.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/leavescypressfancy,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/leavescypressfancy.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/leavesfirfancy,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/leavesfirfancy.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/leavesjapanesemaplefancy,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/leavesjapanesemaplefancy.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/leavesjapanesemapleshrubfancy,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/leavesjapanesemapleshrubfancy.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/leavesorangeautumnfancy,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/leavesorangeautumnfancy.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/leavesrainboweucalyptusfancy,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/leavesrainboweucalyptusfancy.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/leavesredautumnfancy,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/leavesredautumnfancy.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/leavesredwoodfancy,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/leavesredwoodfancy.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/leavessakurafancy,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/leavessakurafancy.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/leavesyellowautumnfancy,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/leavesyellowautumnfancy.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/lily,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/lily.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logacaciaside,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logacaciaside.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logacaciatop,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logacaciatop.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logautumnside,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logautumnside.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logautumntop,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logautumntop.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logbaldcypressknee1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logbaldcypressknee2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee3,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logbaldcypressknee3.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee4,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logbaldcypressknee4.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logbaldcypressside.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logbaldcypressside1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logbaldcypressside2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logbaldcypresstop.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logcypressside,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logcypressside.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logcypresstop,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logcypresstop.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logfirside,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logfirside.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logfirtop,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logfirtop.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logjapanesemapleside,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logjapanesemapleside.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logjapanesemapletop,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logjapanesemapletop.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/lograinboweucalyptusknee1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/lograinboweucalyptusknee2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee3,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/lograinboweucalyptusknee3.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee4,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/lograinboweucalyptusknee4.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/lograinboweucalyptusside.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/lograinboweucalyptusside1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/lograinboweucalyptusside2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/lograinboweucalyptustop.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logredwoodside,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logredwoodside.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logredwoodtop,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logredwoodtop.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logsakuraside,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logsakuraside.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/logsakuratop,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/logsakuratop.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/marshmarigold,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/marshmarigold.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/oaklog1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/oaklog1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/oaklog2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/oaklog2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/oakside1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/oakside1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/oakside2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/oakside2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/oaktop1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/oaktop1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/oaktop2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/oaktop2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/oaktop3,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/oaktop3.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/oaktop4,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/oaktop4.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/orientalpinklily,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/orientalpinklily.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/pansy,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/pansy.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/planksacacia,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/planksacacia.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/planksautumn,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/planksautumn.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/planksbaldcypress,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/planksbaldcypress.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/plankscypress,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/plankscypress.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/planksfir,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/planksfir.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/planksjapanesemaple,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/planksjapanesemaple.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/planksrainboweucalyptus,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/planksrainboweucalyptus.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/planksredwood,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/planksredwood.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/plankssakura,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/plankssakura.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/plant_strawberry0,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/plant_strawberry0.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/plant_strawberry1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/plant_strawberry1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/plant_strawberry2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/plant_strawberry2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/plant_strawberry3,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/plant_strawberry3.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/plant_strawberry4,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/plant_strawberry4.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/plant_strawberry5,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/plant_strawberry5.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/plant_strawberry7,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/plant_strawberry7.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/poppy,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/poppy.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/quicksand,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/quicksand.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/rainboweucalyptuslog1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/rainboweucalyptuslog2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/rainboweucalyptusside1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/rainboweucalyptusside2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/rainboweucalyptustop1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/rainboweucalyptustop2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop3,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/rainboweucalyptustop3.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop4,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/rainboweucalyptustop4.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/redrock,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/redrock.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/redrockbrick,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/redrockbrick.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/redrockcobble,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/redrockcobble.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/redrockslabside,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/redrockslabside.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/redrockslabtop,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/redrockslabtop.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/redrover,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/redrover.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/redwoodlog1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/redwoodlog2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/redwoodside1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/redwoodside1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/redwoodside2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/redwoodside2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop1,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/redwoodtop1.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop2,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/redwoodtop2.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop3,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/redwoodtop3.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop4,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/redwoodtop4.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/root,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/root.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/saplingacacia,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/saplingacacia.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/saplingbaldcypress,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/saplingbaldcypress.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/saplingbrownautumn,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/saplingbrownautumn.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/saplingcypress,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/saplingcypress.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/saplingfir,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/saplingfir.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/saplingjapanesemaple,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/saplingjapanesemaple.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/saplingjapanesemapleshrub,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/saplingjapanesemapleshrub.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/saplingorangeautumn,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/saplingorangeautumn.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/saplingrainboweucalyptus,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/saplingrainboweucalyptus.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/saplingredautumn,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/saplingredautumn.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/saplingredwood,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/saplingredwood.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/saplingsakura,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/saplingsakura.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/saplingyellowautumn,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/saplingyellowautumn.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/snapdragon,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/snapdragon.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/tinycactus,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/tinycactus.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/toadstools,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/toadstools.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/todo,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/todo.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/tulips,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/tulips.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/vine_gloriosa,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/vine_gloriosa.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/violet,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/violet.png
texture:id=extrabiomesxl/yarrow,filename=assets/extrabiomesxl/textures/blocks/yarrow.png



# %leaves_1:* (leaves_1), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockAutumnLeaves
block:id=%leaves_1,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesbrownautumnfancy
block:id=%leaves_1,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesorangeautumnfancy
block:id=%leaves_1,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesredautumnfancy
block:id=%leaves_1,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesyellowautumnfancy
block:id=%leaves_1,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesbrownautumnfancy
block:id=%leaves_1,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesorangeautumnfancy
block:id=%leaves_1,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesredautumnfancy
block:id=%leaves_1,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesyellowautumnfancy
block:id=%leaves_1,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesbrownautumnfancy
block:id=%leaves_1,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesorangeautumnfancy
block:id=%leaves_1,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesredautumnfancy
block:id=%leaves_1,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesyellowautumnfancy
block:id=%leaves_1,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesbrownautumnfancy
block:id=%leaves_1,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesorangeautumnfancy
block:id=%leaves_1,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesredautumnfancy
block:id=%leaves_1,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesyellowautumnfancy

# %plants4:* (plants4), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockCatTail
block:id=%plants4,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/cattail

# %terrain_blocks2:* (terrain_blocks2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.GenericTerrainBlock
block:id=%terrain_blocks2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/crackedsand

# %flower1:* (flower1), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockCustomFlower
block:id=%flower1,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/autumnshrub
block:id=%flower1,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/hydrangea
block:id=%flower1,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/buttercup
block:id=%flower1,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/lavender
block:id=%flower1,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/tinycactus
block:id=%flower1,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/root
block:id=%flower1,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/toadstools
block:id=%flower1,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/calla_white

# %flower2:* (flower2), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockCustomFlower
block:id=%flower2,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/allium
block:id=%flower2,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/amaryllis_pink
block:id=%flower2,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/amaryllis_red
block:id=%flower2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/amaryllis_white
block:id=%flower2,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/bachelorsbutton_blue
block:id=%flower2,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/bellsofireland
block:id=%flower2,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/bluebell
block:id=%flower2,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/calla_black
block:id=%flower2,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/daisy
block:id=%flower2,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/dandelion
block:id=%flower2,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/gardenia
block:id=%flower2,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/gerbera_orange
block:id=%flower2,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/gerbera_pink
block:id=%flower2,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/gerbera_red
block:id=%flower2,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/gerbera_yellow

# %flower3:* (flower3), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockCustomFlower
block:id=%flower3,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/orientalpinklily
block:id=%flower3,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/iris_blue
block:id=%flower3,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/iris_purple
block:id=%flower3,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/lily
block:id=%flower3,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/marshmarigold
block:id=%flower3,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/pansy
block:id=%flower3,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/poppy
block:id=%flower3,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/redrover
block:id=%flower3,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/snapdragon
block:id=%flower3,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/tulips
block:id=%flower3,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/violet
block:id=%flower3,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/yarrow
block:id=%flower3,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/belladonna
block:id=%flower3,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/himalayanbluepoppy

# %grass:* (grass), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockCustomTallGrass
block:id=%grass,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/browngrasstall
block:id=%grass,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/browngrassshort
block:id=%grass,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/deadgrassshort
block:id=%grass,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/deadgrasstall
block:id=%grass,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/deadgrassyellow
block:id=%grass,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/browngrasstall

# %leaves_4:* (leaves_4), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockGreenLeaves
block:id=%leaves_4,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=13000:extrabiomesxl/leavesfirfancy
block:id=%leaves_4,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:extrabiomesxl/leavesredwoodfancy
block:id=%leaves_4,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF9BA72F,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavesacaciafancy
block:id=%leaves_4,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=E5FFF3,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavescypressfancy
block:id=%leaves_4,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=13000:extrabiomesxl/leavesfirfancy
block:id=%leaves_4,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:extrabiomesxl/leavesredwoodfancy
block:id=%leaves_4,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF9BA72F,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavesacaciafancy
block:id=%leaves_4,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=E5FFF3,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavescypressfancy
block:id=%leaves_4,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=13000:extrabiomesxl/leavesfirfancy
block:id=%leaves_4,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:extrabiomesxl/leavesredwoodfancy
block:id=%leaves_4,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF9BA72F,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavesacaciafancy
block:id=%leaves_4,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=E5FFF3,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavescypressfancy
block:id=%leaves_4,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=13000:extrabiomesxl/leavesfirfancy
block:id=%leaves_4,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:extrabiomesxl/leavesredwoodfancy
block:id=%leaves_4,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF9BA72F,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavesacaciafancy
block:id=%leaves_4,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=E5FFF3,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavescypressfancy

# %leaves_2:* (leaves_2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockNewLeaves
block:id=%leaves_2,data=0,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF64B216,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavesbaldcypressfancy
block:id=%leaves_2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesjapanesemaplefancy
block:id=%leaves_2,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF64B216,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavesjapanesemapleshrubfancy
block:id=%leaves_2,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=FFAEA42A,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavesrainboweucalyptusfancy
block:id=%leaves_2,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF64B216,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavesbaldcypressfancy
block:id=%leaves_2,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesjapanesemaplefancy
block:id=%leaves_2,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF64B216,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavesjapanesemapleshrubfancy
block:id=%leaves_2,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=FFAEA42A,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavesrainboweucalyptusfancy
block:id=%leaves_2,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF64B216,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavesbaldcypressfancy
block:id=%leaves_2,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesjapanesemaplefancy
block:id=%leaves_2,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF64B216,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavesjapanesemapleshrubfancy
block:id=%leaves_2,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=FFAEA42A,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavesrainboweucalyptusfancy
block:id=%leaves_2,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF64B216,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavesbaldcypressfancy
block:id=%leaves_2,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavesjapanesemaplefancy
block:id=%leaves_2,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF64B216,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavesjapanesemapleshrubfancy
block:id=%leaves_2,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=FFAEA42A,face0-5=17000:extrabiomesxl/leavesrainboweucalyptusfancy

# %leaves_3:* (leaves_3), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockMoreLeaves
block:id=%leaves_3,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavessakurafancy
block:id=%leaves_3,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavessakurafancy
block:id=%leaves_3,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavessakurafancy
block:id=%leaves_3,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/leavessakurafancy

# %leaf_pile:* (leaf_pile), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockLeafPile
block:id=%leaf_pile,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2000:extrabiomesxl/leafpile

# %terrain_blocks1:* (terrain_blocks1), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockRedRock
block:id=%terrain_blocks1,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/redrock
block:id=%terrain_blocks1,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockcobble
block:id=%terrain_blocks1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockbrick

# %saplings_1:* (saplings_1), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockCustomSapling
block:id=%saplings_1,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingbrownautumn
block:id=%saplings_1,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingorangeautumn
block:id=%saplings_1,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingredautumn
block:id=%saplings_1,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingyellowautumn
block:id=%saplings_1,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingfir
block:id=%saplings_1,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingredwood
block:id=%saplings_1,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingacacia
block:id=%saplings_1,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingcypress
block:id=%saplings_1,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingbrownautumn
block:id=%saplings_1,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingorangeautumn
block:id=%saplings_1,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingredautumn
block:id=%saplings_1,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingyellowautumn
block:id=%saplings_1,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingfir
block:id=%saplings_1,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingredwood
block:id=%saplings_1,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingacacia
block:id=%saplings_1,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingcypress

# %saplings_2:* (saplings_2), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockNewSapling
block:id=%saplings_2,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingbaldcypress
block:id=%saplings_2,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingjapanesemaple
block:id=%saplings_2,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingjapanesemapleshrub
block:id=%saplings_2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingrainboweucalyptus
block:id=%saplings_2,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingsakura
block:id=%saplings_2,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingbaldcypress
block:id=%saplings_2,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingjapanesemaple
block:id=%saplings_2,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingjapanesemapleshrub
block:id=%saplings_2,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingrainboweucalyptus
block:id=%saplings_2,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingsakura
block:id=%saplings_2,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/saplingbaldcypress

# %log1:* (log1), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockCustomLog
block:id=%log1,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logfirtop,face2-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logfirside
block:id=%log1,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logacaciatop,face2-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logacaciaside
block:id=%log1,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logcypresstop,face2-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logcypressside
block:id=%log1,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logjapanesemapletop,face2-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logjapanesemapleside
block:id=%log1,data=4,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logfirside,face2-3=4000:extrabiomesxl/logfirside,face4-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logfirtop
block:id=%log1,data=5,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logacaciaside,face2-3=4000:extrabiomesxl/logacaciaside,face4-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logacaciatop
block:id=%log1,data=6,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logcypressside,face2-3=4000:extrabiomesxl/logcypressside,face4-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logcypresstop
block:id=%log1,data=7,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logjapanesemapleside,face2-3=4000:extrabiomesxl/logjapanesemapleside,face4-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logjapanesemapletop
block:id=%log1,data=8,face0-1=4000:extrabiomesxl/logfirside,face2-3=0:extrabiomesxl/logfirtop,face4-5=4000:extrabiomesxl/logfirside
block:id=%log1,data=9,face0-1=4000:extrabiomesxl/logacaciaside,face2-3=0:extrabiomesxl/logacaciatop,face4-5=4000:extrabiomesxl/logacaciaside
block:id=%log1,data=10,face0-1=4000:extrabiomesxl/logcypressside,face2-3=0:extrabiomesxl/logcypresstop,face4-5=4000:extrabiomesxl/logcypressside
block:id=%log1,data=11,face0-1=4000:extrabiomesxl/logjapanesemapleside,face2-3=0:extrabiomesxl/logjapanesemapletop,face4-5=4000:extrabiomesxl/logjapanesemapleside
block:id=%log1,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logfirside
block:id=%log1,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logacaciaside
block:id=%log1,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logcypressside
block:id=%log1,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logjapanesemapleside

# %log2:* (log2), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockNewLog
block:id=%log2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face2-5=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside
block:id=%log2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logautumntop,face2-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logautumnside
block:id=%log2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face2-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside
block:id=%log2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logredwoodtop,face2-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logredwoodside
block:id=%log2,data=4,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside,face2-3=4000:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside,face4-5=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop
block:id=%log2,data=5,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logautumnside,face2-3=4000:extrabiomesxl/logautumnside,face4-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logautumntop
block:id=%log2,data=6,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside,face2-3=4000:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside,face4-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop
block:id=%log2,data=7,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logredwoodside,face2-3=4000:extrabiomesxl/logredwoodside,face4-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logredwoodtop
block:id=%log2,data=8,face0-1=4000:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside,face2-3=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face4-5=4000:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside
block:id=%log2,data=9,face0-1=4000:extrabiomesxl/logautumnside,face2-3=0:extrabiomesxl/logautumntop,face4-5=4000:extrabiomesxl/logautumnside
block:id=%log2,data=10,face0-1=4000:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside,face2-3=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face4-5=4000:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside
block:id=%log2,data=11,face0-1=4000:extrabiomesxl/logredwoodside,face2-3=0:extrabiomesxl/logredwoodtop,face4-5=4000:extrabiomesxl/logredwoodside
block:id=%log2,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside
block:id=%log2,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logautumnside
block:id=%log2,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside
block:id=%log2,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logredwoodside

# %mini_log_1:* (mini_log_1), render=extrabiomes.renderers.RenderMiniLog(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockMiniLog
block:id=%mini_log_1,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logsakuratop,face2-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logsakuraside
block:id=%mini_log_1,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrabiomesxl/logsakuraside,face4-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logsakuratop
block:id=%mini_log_1,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logsakuraside,face2-3=0:extrabiomesxl/logsakuratop,face4-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logsakuraside
block:id=%mini_log_1,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/logsakuraside

# %cornerlog_baldcypress:* (cornerlog_baldcypress), render=extrabiomes.renderers.RenderNewQuarterLog(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockNewQuarterLog
block:id=%cornerlog_baldcypress,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside1
block:id=%cornerlog_baldcypress,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog1
block:id=%cornerlog_baldcypress,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop3,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog2
block:id=%cornerlog_baldcypress,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop4,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside2
block:id=%cornerlog_baldcypress,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog1
block:id=%cornerlog_baldcypress,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside1
block:id=%cornerlog_baldcypress,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop3,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop4,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside2
block:id=%cornerlog_baldcypress,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop4,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop3,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog2
block:id=%cornerlog_baldcypress,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop2
block:id=%cornerlog_baldcypress,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop1
block:id=%cornerlog_baldcypress,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop3,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop4
block:id=%cornerlog_baldcypress,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresslog2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypressside1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop4,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop3
block:id=%cornerlog_baldcypress,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/baldcypresstop1

# %cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus:* (cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus), render=extrabiomes.renderers.RenderNewQuarterLog(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockNewQuarterLog
block:id=%cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside1
block:id=%cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog1
block:id=%cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop3,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog2
block:id=%cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop4,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside2
block:id=%cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog1
block:id=%cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside1
block:id=%cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop3,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop4,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside2
block:id=%cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop4,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop3,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog2
block:id=%cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop2
block:id=%cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop1
block:id=%cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop3,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop4
block:id=%cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptuslog2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptusside1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop4,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop3
block:id=%cornerlog_rainboweucalyptus,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/rainboweucalyptustop1

# %cornerlog_oak:* (cornerlog_oak), render=extrabiomes.renderers.RenderNewQuarterLog(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockNewQuarterLog
block:id=%cornerlog_oak,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside1
block:id=%cornerlog_oak,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog1
block:id=%cornerlog_oak,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop3,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog2
block:id=%cornerlog_oak,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop4,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside2
block:id=%cornerlog_oak,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog1
block:id=%cornerlog_oak,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside1
block:id=%cornerlog_oak,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop3,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop4,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside2
block:id=%cornerlog_oak,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop4,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop3,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog2
block:id=%cornerlog_oak,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop2
block:id=%cornerlog_oak,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop1
block:id=%cornerlog_oak,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop3,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop4
block:id=%cornerlog_oak,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/oaklog2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/oakside1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop4,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop3
block:id=%cornerlog_oak,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/oaktop1

# %cornerlog_fir:* (cornerlog_fir), render=extrabiomes.renderers.RenderNewQuarterLog(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockNewQuarterLog
block:id=%cornerlog_fir,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/firside2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/firside1
block:id=%cornerlog_fir,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/firside1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/firside2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog1
block:id=%cornerlog_fir,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop3,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/firside2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/firside1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog2
block:id=%cornerlog_fir,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop4,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/firside1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/firside2
block:id=%cornerlog_fir,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/firside1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/firside2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog1
block:id=%cornerlog_fir,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/firside2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/firside1
block:id=%cornerlog_fir,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/firside2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop3,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop4,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/firside2
block:id=%cornerlog_fir,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/firside1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop4,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop3,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/firside1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog2
block:id=%cornerlog_fir,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/firside1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/firside2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop2
block:id=%cornerlog_fir,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/firside2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/firside1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop1
block:id=%cornerlog_fir,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/firside1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/firside2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop3,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop4
block:id=%cornerlog_fir,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/firside2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/firlog2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/firside1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop4,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop3
block:id=%cornerlog_fir,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/firtop1

# %cornerlog_redwood:* (cornerlog_redwood), render=extrabiomes.renderers.RenderNewQuarterLog(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockNewQuarterLog
block:id=%cornerlog_redwood,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside1
block:id=%cornerlog_redwood,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog1
block:id=%cornerlog_redwood,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop3,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog2
block:id=%cornerlog_redwood,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop4,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside2
block:id=%cornerlog_redwood,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog1
block:id=%cornerlog_redwood,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside1
block:id=%cornerlog_redwood,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop3,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop4,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside2
block:id=%cornerlog_redwood,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop4,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop3,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog2
block:id=%cornerlog_redwood,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop2
block:id=%cornerlog_redwood,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop1
block:id=%cornerlog_redwood,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop3,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop4
block:id=%cornerlog_redwood,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodlog2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodside1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop4,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop3
block:id=%cornerlog_redwood,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/redwoodtop1

# %log_elbow_baldcypress:* (log_elbow_baldcypress), render=extrabiomes.renderers.RenderKneeLog(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockKneeLog
block:id=%log_elbow_baldcypress,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop
block:id=%log_elbow_baldcypress,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside2,face3-4=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside1
block:id=%log_elbow_baldcypress,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee3,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside2
block:id=%log_elbow_baldcypress,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee4,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop
block:id=%log_elbow_baldcypress,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside1
block:id=%log_elbow_baldcypress,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop
block:id=%log_elbow_baldcypress,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee3,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee4,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop
block:id=%log_elbow_baldcypress,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee3,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside2
block:id=%log_elbow_baldcypress,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face1-2=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee2
block:id=%log_elbow_baldcypress,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee1
block:id=%log_elbow_baldcypress,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside2,face1-2=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee3,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee4
block:id=%log_elbow_baldcypress,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressside2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypresstop,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee4,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/logbaldcypressknee3
block:id=%log_elbow_baldcypress,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/todo

# %log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus:* (log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus), render=extrabiomes.renderers.RenderKneeLog(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockKneeLog
block:id=%log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop
block:id=%log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside2,face3-4=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside1
block:id=%log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee3,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside2
block:id=%log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee4,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop
block:id=%log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside1,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside1
block:id=%log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop
block:id=%log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee3,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee4,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop
block:id=%log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside2,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee3,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside2
block:id=%log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face1-2=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside1,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee1,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee2
block:id=%log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside2,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside1,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee2,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee1
block:id=%log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside2,face1-2=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside2,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee3,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee4
block:id=%log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside1,face1=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face2=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusside2,face3=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptustop,face4=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee4,face5=0:extrabiomesxl/lograinboweucalyptusknee3
block:id=%log_elbow_rainbow_eucalyptus,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/todo

# %vines:* (vines), render=(VINE), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockCustomVine
block:id=%vines,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=2000:extrabiomesxl/vine_gloriosa

# %waterplant1:* (waterplant1), render=(CROPS), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockWaterPlant
block:id=%waterplant1,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/eelgrass

# %tile.extrabiomes.crop.strawberry:* (tile.extrabiomes.crop.strawberry), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockCropRegrow
block:id=%tile.extrabiomes.crop.strawberry,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/plant_strawberry0
block:id=%tile.extrabiomes.crop.strawberry,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/plant_strawberry1
block:id=%tile.extrabiomes.crop.strawberry,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/plant_strawberry2
block:id=%tile.extrabiomes.crop.strawberry,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/plant_strawberry3
block:id=%tile.extrabiomes.crop.strawberry,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/plant_strawberry4
block:id=%tile.extrabiomes.crop.strawberry,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/plant_strawberry5
block:id=%tile.extrabiomes.crop.strawberry,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrabiomesxl/plant_strawberry7

# %quicksand:* (quicksand), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=extrabiomes.module.cautia.block.BlockQuicksand
block:id=%quicksand,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/quicksand

# %planks:* (planks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockCustomWood
block:id=%planks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksredwood
block:id=%planks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksfir
block:id=%planks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksacacia
block:id=%planks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/plankscypress
block:id=%planks,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksjapanesemaple
block:id=%planks,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksrainboweucalyptus
block:id=%planks,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksautumn
block:id=%planks,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksbaldcypress
block:id=%planks,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/plankssakura
block:id=%planks,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksredwood

# %woodslab2:* (woodslab2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockNewWoodSlab
block:id=%woodslab2,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/plankssakura

# %double_woodslab2:* (double_woodslab2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockNewWoodSlab
block:id=%double_woodslab2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/plankssakura

# %woodslab:* (woodslab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockCustomWoodSlab
block:id=%woodslab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksredwood
block:id=%woodslab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksfir
block:id=%woodslab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksacacia
block:id=%woodslab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/plankscypress
block:id=%woodslab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksjapanesemaple
block:id=%woodslab,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksrainboweucalyptus
block:id=%woodslab,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksautumn
block:id=%woodslab,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksbaldcypress
block:id=%woodslab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksredwood
block:id=%woodslab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksfir
block:id=%woodslab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksacacia
block:id=%woodslab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/plankscypress
block:id=%woodslab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksjapanesemaple
block:id=%woodslab,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksrainboweucalyptus
block:id=%woodslab,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksautumn
block:id=%woodslab,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksbaldcypress

# %double_woodslab:* (double_woodslab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockCustomWoodSlab
block:id=%double_woodslab,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksredwood
block:id=%double_woodslab,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksfir
block:id=%double_woodslab,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksacacia
block:id=%double_woodslab,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/plankscypress
block:id=%double_woodslab,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksjapanesemaple
block:id=%double_woodslab,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksrainboweucalyptus
block:id=%double_woodslab,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksautumn
block:id=%double_woodslab,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksbaldcypress
block:id=%double_woodslab,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksredwood
block:id=%double_woodslab,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksfir
block:id=%double_woodslab,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksacacia
block:id=%double_woodslab,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/plankscypress
block:id=%double_woodslab,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksjapanesemaple
block:id=%double_woodslab,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksrainboweucalyptus
block:id=%double_woodslab,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksautumn
block:id=%double_woodslab,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksbaldcypress

# %stairs.redwood:* (stairs.redwood), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockWoodStairs
block:id=%stairs.redwood,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksredwood

# %stairs.fir:* (stairs.fir), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockWoodStairs
block:id=%stairs.fir,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksfir

# %stairs.acacia:* (stairs.acacia), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockWoodStairs
block:id=%stairs.acacia,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksacacia

# %stairs.rainboweucalyptus:* (stairs.rainboweucalyptus), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockWoodStairs
block:id=%stairs.rainboweucalyptus,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksrainboweucalyptus

# %stairs.cypress:* (stairs.cypress), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockWoodStairs
block:id=%stairs.cypress,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/plankscypress

# %stairs.baldcypress:* (stairs.baldcypress), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockWoodStairs
block:id=%stairs.baldcypress,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksbaldcypress

# %stairs.japanesemaple:* (stairs.japanesemaple), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockWoodStairs
block:id=%stairs.japanesemaple,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksjapanesemaple

# %stairs.autumn:* (stairs.autumn), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockWoodStairs
block:id=%stairs.autumn,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksautumn

# %stairs.sakurablossom:* (stairs.sakurablossom), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockWoodStairs
block:id=%stairs.sakurablossom,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/plankssakura

# %slabRedRock:* (slabRedRock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockRedRockSlab
block:id=%slabRedRock,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockcobble
block:id=%slabRedRock,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockslabtop,face2-5=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockslabside
block:id=%slabRedRock,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockbrick
block:id=%slabRedRock,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockcobble
block:id=%slabRedRock,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockslabtop,face2-5=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockslabside
block:id=%slabRedRock,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockbrick
block:id=%slabRedRock,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockcobble

# %double_slabRedRock:* (double_slabRedRock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockRedRockSlab
block:id=%double_slabRedRock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockcobble
block:id=%double_slabRedRock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockslabtop,face2-5=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockslabside
block:id=%double_slabRedRock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockbrick
block:id=%double_slabRedRock,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockcobble
block:id=%double_slabRedRock,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockslabtop,face2-5=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockslabside
block:id=%double_slabRedRock,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockbrick
block:id=%double_slabRedRock,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockcobble

# %stairsRedCobble:* (stairsRedCobble), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockCustomStairs
block:id=%stairsRedCobble,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockcobble

# %redrockbrick:* (redrockbrick), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockCustomStairs
block:id=%redrockbrick,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockbrick

# %wall:* (wall), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockCustomWall
block:id=%wall,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:extrabiomesxl/redrockcobble

# %fence:* (fence), render=extrabiomes.renderers.CustomFenceRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockCustomFence
block:id=%fence,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksacacia
block:id=%fence,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksautumn
block:id=%fence,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksbaldcypress
block:id=%fence,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/plankscypress
block:id=%fence,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksfir
block:id=%fence,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksjapanesemaple
block:id=%fence,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksrainboweucalyptus
block:id=%fence,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/planksredwood
block:id=%fence,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/plankssakura

# %door_acacia:* (door_acacia), render=extrabiomes.renderers.CustomDoorRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockCustomWoodDoor
block:id=%door_acacia,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/door_acacia_lower

# %door_autumn:* (door_autumn), render=extrabiomes.renderers.CustomDoorRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockCustomWoodDoor
block:id=%door_autumn,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/door_autumn_lower

# %door_baldcypress:* (door_baldcypress), render=extrabiomes.renderers.CustomDoorRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockCustomWoodDoor
block:id=%door_baldcypress,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/door_baldcypress_lower

# %door_cypress:* (door_cypress), render=extrabiomes.renderers.CustomDoorRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockCustomWoodDoor
block:id=%door_cypress,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/door_cypress_lower

# %door_fir:* (door_fir), render=extrabiomes.renderers.CustomDoorRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockCustomWoodDoor
block:id=%door_fir,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/door_fir_lower

# %door_japanesemaple:* (door_japanesemaple), render=extrabiomes.renderers.CustomDoorRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockCustomWoodDoor
block:id=%door_japanesemaple,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/door_japanesemaple_lower

# %door_rainboweucalyptus:* (door_rainboweucalyptus), render=extrabiomes.renderers.CustomDoorRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockCustomWoodDoor
block:id=%door_rainboweucalyptus,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/door_rainboweucalyptus_lower

# %door_redwood:* (door_redwood), render=extrabiomes.renderers.CustomDoorRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockCustomWoodDoor
block:id=%door_redwood,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/door_redwood_lower

# %door_sakura:* (door_sakura), render=extrabiomes.renderers.CustomDoorRender(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.module.fabrica.block.BlockCustomWoodDoor
block:id=%door_sakura,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrabiomesxl/door_sakura_lower

# %fencegate_acacia:* (fencegate_acacia), render=(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockCustomFenceGate
block:id=%fencegate_acacia,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:extrabiomesxl/planksacacia

# %fencegate_autumn:* (fencegate_autumn), render=(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockCustomFenceGate
block:id=%fencegate_autumn,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:extrabiomesxl/planksautumn

# %fencegate_baldcypress:* (fencegate_baldcypress), render=(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockCustomFenceGate
block:id=%fencegate_baldcypress,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:extrabiomesxl/planksbaldcypress

# %fencegate_cypress:* (fencegate_cypress), render=(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockCustomFenceGate
block:id=%fencegate_cypress,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:extrabiomesxl/plankscypress

# %fencegate_fir:* (fencegate_fir), render=(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockCustomFenceGate
block:id=%fencegate_fir,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:extrabiomesxl/planksfir

# %fencegate_japanesemaple:* (fencegate_japanesemaple), render=(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockCustomFenceGate
block:id=%fencegate_japanesemaple,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:extrabiomesxl/planksjapanesemaple

# %fencegate_rainboweucalyptus:* (fencegate_rainboweucalyptus), render=(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockCustomFenceGate
block:id=%fencegate_rainboweucalyptus,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:extrabiomesxl/planksrainboweucalyptus

# %fencegate_redwood:* (fencegate_redwood), render=(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockCustomFenceGate
block:id=%fencegate_redwood,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:extrabiomesxl/planksredwood

# %fencegate_sakura:* (fencegate_sakura), render=(FENCEGATE), opaque=false,cls=extrabiomes.blocks.BlockCustomFenceGate
block:id=%fencegate_sakura,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:extrabiomesxl/plankssakura
