# ExtraUtilities 1.2.12
version:1.7
modname:ExtraUtilities


cfgfile:config/ExtraUtilities.cfg


texturepath:assets/extrautilities/textures/blocks/
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/carved_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/carved_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/dark_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/dark_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/darkglass_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/darkglass_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/endsidian_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/endsidian_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/endslab_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/endslab_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/etherealdarkglass_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/etherealdarkglass_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/etherealglass1_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/etherealglass1_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/etherealglass_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/etherealglass_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/glass1_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/glass1_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/glass2_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/glass2_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/glass3_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/glass3_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/glass4_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/glass4_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/glass5_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/glass5_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/glass6_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/glass6_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/glass7_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/glass7_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/glass8_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/glass8_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/glass9_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/glass9_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/gravel_brick,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/gravel_brick.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/gravel_road_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/gravel_road_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/icystone_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/icystone_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/magic_wood_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/magic_wood_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/obsidiandarkglass_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/obsidiandarkglass_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/purplestone_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/purplestone_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/singlestonebrick_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/singlestonebrick_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/test_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/test_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/uingot_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/uingot_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/untherealdarkglass_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/untherealdarkglass_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/untherealglass1_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/untherealglass1_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/ConnectedTextures/untherealglass_corners,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/ConnectedTextures/untherealglass_corners.png
texture:id=extrautils/advbudoff,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/advbudoff.png
texture:id=extrautils/angelBlock,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/angelBlock.png
texture:id=extrautils/bedrockiumBlock,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/bedrockiumBlock.png
texture:id=extrautils/blessedEarthSide,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/blessedEarthSide.png
texture:id=extrautils/blessedEarthTop,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/blessedEarthTop.png
texture:id=extrautils/budoff,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/budoff.png
texture:id=extrautils/bw_(brick),filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/brick.png
texture:id=extrautils/bw_(coal_block),filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/coal_block.png
texture:id=extrautils/bw_(cobblestone),filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/cobblestone.png
texture:id=extrautils/bw_(glowstone),filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/glowstone.png
texture:id=extrautils/bw_(lapis_block),filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/lapis_block.png
texture:id=extrautils/bw_(obsidian),filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/obsidian.png
texture:id=extrautils/bw_(planks_oak),filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_oak.png
texture:id=extrautils/bw_(quartz_block_top),filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_top.png
texture:id=extrautils/bw_(redstone_block),filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/redstone_block.png
texture:id=extrautils/bw_(redstone_lamp_on),filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/redstone_lamp_on.png
texture:id=extrautils/bw_(soul_sand),filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/soul_sand.png
texture:id=extrautils/bw_(stone),filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stone.png
texture:id=extrautils/bw_(stonebrick),filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stonebrick.png
texture:id=extrautils/chandelier,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/chandelier.png
texture:id=extrautils/cobblestone_compressed_1,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/cobblestone_compressed_1.png
texture:id=extrautils/cobblestone_compressed_2,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/cobblestone_compressed_2.png
texture:id=extrautils/cobblestone_compressed_3,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/cobblestone_compressed_3.png
texture:id=extrautils/cobblestone_compressed_4,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/cobblestone_compressed_4.png
texture:id=extrautils/cobblestone_compressed_5,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/cobblestone_compressed_5.png
texture:id=extrautils/cobblestone_compressed_6,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/cobblestone_compressed_6.png
texture:id=extrautils/cobblestone_compressed_7,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/cobblestone_compressed_7.png
texture:id=extrautils/cobblestone_compressed_8,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/cobblestone_compressed_8.png
texture:id=extrautils/conveyor_side,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/conveyor_side.png
texture:id=extrautils/conveyor_top,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/conveyor_top.png
texture:id=extrautils/cursedearthside,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/cursedearthside.png
texture:id=extrautils/cursedearthtop,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/cursedearthtop.png
texture:id=extrautils/curtains,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/curtains.png
texture:id=extrautils/dark_portal,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/dark_portal.png
texture:id=extrautils/diamondCore,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/diamondCore.png
texture:id=extrautils/dirt_compressed_1,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/dirt_compressed_1.png
texture:id=extrautils/dirt_compressed_2,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/dirt_compressed_2.png
texture:id=extrautils/dirt_compressed_3,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/dirt_compressed_3.png
texture:id=extrautils/dirt_compressed_4,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/dirt_compressed_4.png
texture:id=extrautils/drum_side,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/drum_side.png
texture:id=extrautils/drum_side2,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/drum_side2.png
texture:id=extrautils/drum_top,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/drum_top.png
texture:id=extrautils/drum_top2,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/drum_top2.png
texture:id=extrautils/endCore,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/endCore.png
texture:id=extrautils/endMarker,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/endMarker.png
texture:id=extrautils/enderCollectorBottom,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/enderCollectorBottom.png
texture:id=extrautils/enderConstructor_pillar,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/enderConstructor_pillar.png
texture:id=extrautils/enderConstructor_pillar_bottom,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/enderConstructor_pillar_bottom.png
texture:id=extrautils/enderConstructor_pillar_enabled,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/enderConstructor_pillar_enabled.png
texture:id=extrautils/enderConstructor_pillar_top,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/enderConstructor_pillar_top.png
texture:id=extrautils/enderConstructor_pillar_top_enabled,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/enderConstructor_pillar_top_enabled.png
texture:id=extrautils/enderConstructor_side,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/enderConstructor_side.png
texture:id=extrautils/enderConstructor_side_enabled,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/enderConstructor_side_enabled.png
texture:id=extrautils/enderConstructor_top,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/enderConstructor_top.png
texture:id=extrautils/enderConstructor_top_enabled,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/enderConstructor_top_enabled.png
texture:id=extrautils/enderQuarry,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/enderQuarry.png
texture:id=extrautils/enderQuarry_active,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/enderQuarry_active.png
texture:id=extrautils/enderQuarry_bottom,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/enderQuarry_bottom.png
texture:id=extrautils/enderQuarry_finished,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/enderQuarry_finished.png
texture:id=extrautils/enderQuarry_top,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/enderQuarry_top.png
texture:id=extrautils/enderQuarry_top_active,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/enderQuarry_top_active.png
texture:id=extrautils/enderThermicPump,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/enderThermicPump.png
texture:id=extrautils/enderThermicPump_side,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/enderThermicPump_side.png
texture:id=extrautils/enderThermicPump_top,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/enderThermicPump_top.png
texture:id=extrautils/extractor_base,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/extractor_base.png
texture:id=extrautils/extractor_energy,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/extractor_energy.png
texture:id=extrautils/extractor_energy_hyper,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/extractor_energy_hyper.png
texture:id=extrautils/extractor_extract,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/extractor_extract.png
texture:id=extrautils/extractor_extract_remote,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/extractor_extract_remote.png
texture:id=extrautils/extractor_liquid,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/extractor_liquid.png
texture:id=extrautils/extractor_liquid_remote,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/extractor_liquid_remote.png
texture:id=extrautils/filingcabinet,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/filingcabinet.png
texture:id=extrautils/filingcabinet_back,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/filingcabinet_back.png
texture:id=extrautils/filingcabinet_back_diamond,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/filingcabinet_back_diamond.png
texture:id=extrautils/filingcabinet_diamond,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/filingcabinet_diamond.png
texture:id=extrautils/filingcabinet_side,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/filingcabinet_side.png
texture:id=extrautils/filingcabinet_side_diamond,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/filingcabinet_side_diamond.png
texture:id=extrautils/fullblockchest_front,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/fullblockchest_front.png
texture:id=extrautils/fullblockchest_side,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/fullblockchest_side.png
texture:id=extrautils/fullblockchest_top,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/fullblockchest_top.png
texture:id=extrautils/generator_base,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/generator_base.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/generator_ender,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/generator_ender.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/generator_food,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/generator_food.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/generator_lava,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/generator_lava.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/generator_nether,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/generator_nether.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/generator_overclocked,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/generator_overclocked.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/generator_pink,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/generator_pink.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/generator_potion,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/generator_potion.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/generator_redflux,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/generator_redflux.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/generator_solar,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/generator_solar.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/generator_stone,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/generator_stone.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/generator_tnt,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/generator_tnt.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/glassQuadrants,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/glassQuadrants.png
texture:id=extrautils/gravel_compressed_1,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/gravel_compressed_1.png
texture:id=extrautils/gravel_compressed_2,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/gravel_compressed_2.png
texture:id=extrautils/greenscreen,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/greenscreen.png
texture:id=extrautils/heart,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/heart.png
texture:id=extrautils/light_portal,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/light_portal.png
texture:id=extrautils/magnumTorch,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/magnumTorch.png
texture:id=extrautils/magnumTorchBase,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/magnumTorchBase.png
texture:id=extrautils/magnumTorchTop,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/magnumTorchTop.png
texture:id=extrautils/minichest_front,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/minichest_front.png
texture:id=extrautils/minichest_side,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/minichest_side.png
texture:id=extrautils/minichest_top,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/minichest_top.png
texture:id=extrautils/pipes,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/pipes.png
texture:id=extrautils/quarry_upgrades/quarryUpgradeArm,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/quarry_upgrades/quarryUpgradeArm.png
texture:id=extrautils/rain_muffler,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/rain_muffler.png
texture:id=extrautils/sand_compressed_1,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/sand_compressed_1.png
texture:id=extrautils/sand_compressed_2,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/sand_compressed_2.png
texture:id=extrautils/sandedGlass,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/sandedGlass.png
texture:id=extrautils/sound_muffler,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/sound_muffler.png
texture:id=extrautils/spike_base,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/spike_base.png
texture:id=extrautils/spike_base_diamond,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/spike_base_diamond.png
texture:id=extrautils/spike_base_gold,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/spike_base_gold.png
texture:id=extrautils/spike_base_wood,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/spike_base_wood.png
texture:id=extrautils/spike_side,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/spike_side.png
texture:id=extrautils/spike_side_diamond,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/spike_side_diamond.png
texture:id=extrautils/spike_side_gold,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/spike_side_gold.png
texture:id=extrautils/spike_side_wood,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/spike_side_wood.png
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/generator_base,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/generator_base.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/generator_ender,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/generator_ender.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/generator_food,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/generator_food.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/generator_lava,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/generator_lava.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/generator_nether,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/generator_nether.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/generator_overclocked,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/generator_overclocked.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/generator_pink,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/generator_pink.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/generator_potion,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/generator_potion.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/generator_redflux,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/generator_redflux.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/generator_solar,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/generator_solar.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/generator_stone,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/generator_stone.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/generator_tnt,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/generator_tnt.png,xcount=3,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_base,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/sgenerator_base.png,xcount=4,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_ender,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/sgenerator_ender.png,xcount=4,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_food,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/sgenerator_food.png,xcount=4,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_lava,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/sgenerator_lava.png,xcount=4,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_nether,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/sgenerator_nether.png,xcount=4,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_overclocked,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/sgenerator_overclocked.png,xcount=4,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_pink,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/sgenerator_pink.png,xcount=4,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_potion,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/sgenerator_potion.png,xcount=4,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_redflux,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/sgenerator_redflux.png,xcount=4,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_solar,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/sgenerator_solar.png,xcount=4,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_stone,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/sgenerator_stone.png,xcount=4,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_tnt,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/supergenerators/sgenerator_tnt.png,xcount=4,ycount=2
texture:id=extrautils/timer,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/timer.png
texture:id=extrautils/trading_post_side,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/trading_post_side.png
texture:id=extrautils/trading_post_top,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/trading_post_top.png
texture:id=extrautils/trashcan,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/trashcan.png
texture:id=extrautils/trashcan1,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/trashcan1.png
texture:id=extrautils/trashcan1_bottom,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/trashcan1_bottom.png
texture:id=extrautils/trashcan1_top,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/trashcan1_top.png
texture:id=extrautils/trashcan2,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/trashcan2.png
texture:id=extrautils/trashcan2_bottom,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/trashcan2_bottom.png
texture:id=extrautils/trashcan2_top,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/trashcan2_top.png
texture:id=extrautils/trashcan_bottom,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/trashcan_bottom.png
texture:id=extrautils/trashcan_top,filename=assets/extrautils/textures/blocks/trashcan_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/dirt,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/dirt.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks.png



# %chestMini:* (chestMini), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockMultiBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.tileentity.chests.BlockMiniChest
block:id=%chestMini,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:extrautils/minichest_top,face2=0:extrautils/minichest_front,face3-5=0:extrautils/minichest_side

# %chestFull:* (chestFull), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.tileentity.chests.BlockFullChest
block:id=%chestFull,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/fullblockchest_top,face2=0:extrautils/fullblockchest_side,face3=0:extrautils/fullblockchest_front,face4-5=0:extrautils/fullblockchest_side
block:id=%chestFull,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/fullblockchest_top,face2-3=0:extrautils/fullblockchest_side,face4=0:extrautils/fullblockchest_front,face5=0:extrautils/fullblockchest_side
block:id=%chestFull,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/fullblockchest_top,face2=0:extrautils/fullblockchest_front,face3-5=0:extrautils/fullblockchest_side
block:id=%chestFull,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/fullblockchest_top,face2-4=0:extrautils/fullblockchest_side,face5=0:extrautils/fullblockchest_front
block:id=%chestFull,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/fullblockchest_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/fullblockchest_side

# %enderCollector:* (enderCollector), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockMultiBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.tileentity.endercollector.BlockEnderCollector
block:id=%enderCollector,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrautils/enderCollectorBottom

# %endConstructor:* (endConstructor), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockMultiBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.tileentity.enderconstructor.BlockEnderConstructor
block:id=%endConstructor,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/enderConstructor_pillar_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/enderConstructor_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/enderConstructor_side
block:id=%endConstructor,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/enderConstructor_pillar_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/enderConstructor_top_enabled,face2-5=0:extrautils/enderConstructor_side_enabled
block:id=%endConstructor,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/enderConstructor_pillar_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/enderConstructor_pillar_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/enderConstructor_pillar
block:id=%endConstructor,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/enderConstructor_pillar_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/enderConstructor_pillar_top_enabled,face2-5=0:extrautils/enderConstructor_pillar_enabled
block:id=%endConstructor,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/enderConstructor_pillar_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/enderConstructor_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/enderConstructor_side

# %endMarker:* (endMarker), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockMultiBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.tileentity.enderquarry.BlockEnderMarkers
block:id=%endMarker,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrautils/endMarker

# %curtains:* (curtains), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockMultiBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockCurtain
block:id=%curtains,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/curtains

# %angelBlock:* (angelBlock), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockAngelBlock
block:id=%angelBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/angelBlock

# %budoff:* (budoff), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockBUD
block:id=%budoff,data=0,data=1,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/budoff
block:id=%budoff,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/advbudoff

# %chandelier:* (chandelier), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockChandelier
block:id=%chandelier,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:extrautils/chandelier

# %decorativeBlock1:* (decorativeBlock1), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockConnectedTextures(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockDecoration
block:id=%decorativeBlock1,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/test_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock1,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/endsidian_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock1,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/dark_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock1,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/icystone_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock1,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/carved_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock1,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/uingot_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock1,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/gravel_brick
block:id=%decorativeBlock1,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/singlestonebrick_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock1,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/magic_wood_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock1,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/sandedGlass
block:id=%decorativeBlock1,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/gravel_road_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock1,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/endCore
block:id=%decorativeBlock1,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/diamondCore
block:id=%decorativeBlock1,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/endslab_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock1,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/purplestone_corners

# %decorativeBlock2:* (decorativeBlock2), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockConnectedTextures(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockDecoration
block:id=%decorativeBlock2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/glass1_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/glass2_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/glass3_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/glass4_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock2,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/glass5_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock2,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/glass6_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock2,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/glass7_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock2,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/glass8_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock2,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/glass9_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock2,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/glassQuadrants
block:id=%decorativeBlock2,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/darkglass_corners
block:id=%decorativeBlock2,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/obsidiandarkglass_corners

# %pureLove:* (pureLove), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockPureLove
block:id=%pureLove,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/heart

# %block_bedrockium:* (block_bedrockium), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockBedrockium
block:id=%block_bedrockium,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/bedrockiumBlock

# %colorStoneBrick:* (colorStoneBrick), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockColor(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockColor
block:id=%colorStoneBrick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/bw_(stonebrick)
block:id=%colorStoneBrick,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=CC803F,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stonebrick)
block:id=%colorStoneBrick,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=AF58CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stonebrick)
block:id=%colorStoneBrick,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=6E99CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stonebrick)
block:id=%colorStoneBrick,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=DCDC44,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stonebrick)
block:id=%colorStoneBrick,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=7EBF27,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stonebrick)
block:id=%colorStoneBrick,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=E887A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stonebrick)
block:id=%colorStoneBrick,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=4C4C4C,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stonebrick)
block:id=%colorStoneBrick,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=999999,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stonebrick)
block:id=%colorStoneBrick,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=527E93,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stonebrick)
block:id=%colorStoneBrick,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=7E48AA,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stonebrick)
block:id=%colorStoneBrick,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=3A50A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stonebrick)
block:id=%colorStoneBrick,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=624C36,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stonebrick)
block:id=%colorStoneBrick,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=647A39,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stonebrick)
block:id=%colorStoneBrick,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=8E3838,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stonebrick)
block:id=%colorStoneBrick,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=191919,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stonebrick)

# %colorWoodPlanks:* (colorWoodPlanks), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockColor(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockColor
block:id=%colorWoodPlanks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/bw_(planks_oak)
block:id=%colorWoodPlanks,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=CC803F,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(planks_oak)
block:id=%colorWoodPlanks,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=AF58CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(planks_oak)
block:id=%colorWoodPlanks,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=6E99CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(planks_oak)
block:id=%colorWoodPlanks,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=DCDC44,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(planks_oak)
block:id=%colorWoodPlanks,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=7EBF27,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(planks_oak)
block:id=%colorWoodPlanks,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=E887A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(planks_oak)
block:id=%colorWoodPlanks,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=4C4C4C,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(planks_oak)
block:id=%colorWoodPlanks,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=999999,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(planks_oak)
block:id=%colorWoodPlanks,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=527E93,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(planks_oak)
block:id=%colorWoodPlanks,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=7E48AA,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(planks_oak)
block:id=%colorWoodPlanks,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=3A50A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(planks_oak)
block:id=%colorWoodPlanks,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=624C36,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(planks_oak)
block:id=%colorWoodPlanks,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=647A39,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(planks_oak)
block:id=%colorWoodPlanks,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=8E3838,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(planks_oak)
block:id=%colorWoodPlanks,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=191919,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(planks_oak)

# %color_lightgem:* (color_lightgem), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockColor(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockColor
block:id=%color_lightgem,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/bw_(glowstone)
block:id=%color_lightgem,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=CC803F,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(glowstone)
block:id=%color_lightgem,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=AF58CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(glowstone)
block:id=%color_lightgem,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=6E99CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(glowstone)
block:id=%color_lightgem,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=DCDC44,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(glowstone)
block:id=%color_lightgem,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=7EBF27,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(glowstone)
block:id=%color_lightgem,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=E887A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(glowstone)
block:id=%color_lightgem,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=4C4C4C,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(glowstone)
block:id=%color_lightgem,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=999999,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(glowstone)
block:id=%color_lightgem,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=527E93,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(glowstone)
block:id=%color_lightgem,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=7E48AA,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(glowstone)
block:id=%color_lightgem,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=3A50A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(glowstone)
block:id=%color_lightgem,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=624C36,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(glowstone)
block:id=%color_lightgem,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=647A39,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(glowstone)
block:id=%color_lightgem,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=8E3838,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(glowstone)
block:id=%color_lightgem,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=191919,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(glowstone)

# %color_stone:* (color_stone), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockColor(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockColor
block:id=%color_stone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/bw_(stone)
block:id=%color_stone,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=CC803F,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stone)
block:id=%color_stone,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=AF58CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stone)
block:id=%color_stone,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=6E99CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stone)
block:id=%color_stone,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=DCDC44,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stone)
block:id=%color_stone,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=7EBF27,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stone)
block:id=%color_stone,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=E887A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stone)
block:id=%color_stone,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=4C4C4C,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stone)
block:id=%color_stone,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=999999,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stone)
block:id=%color_stone,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=527E93,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stone)
block:id=%color_stone,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=7E48AA,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stone)
block:id=%color_stone,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=3A50A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stone)
block:id=%color_stone,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=624C36,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stone)
block:id=%color_stone,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=647A39,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stone)
block:id=%color_stone,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=8E3838,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stone)
block:id=%color_stone,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=191919,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(stone)

# %color_quartzBlock:* (color_quartzBlock), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockColor(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockColor
block:id=%color_quartzBlock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/bw_(quartz_block_top)
block:id=%color_quartzBlock,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=CC803F,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(quartz_block_top)
block:id=%color_quartzBlock,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=AF58CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(quartz_block_top)
block:id=%color_quartzBlock,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=6E99CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(quartz_block_top)
block:id=%color_quartzBlock,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=DCDC44,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(quartz_block_top)
block:id=%color_quartzBlock,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=7EBF27,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(quartz_block_top)
block:id=%color_quartzBlock,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=E887A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(quartz_block_top)
block:id=%color_quartzBlock,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=4C4C4C,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(quartz_block_top)
block:id=%color_quartzBlock,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=999999,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(quartz_block_top)
block:id=%color_quartzBlock,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=527E93,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(quartz_block_top)
block:id=%color_quartzBlock,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=7E48AA,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(quartz_block_top)
block:id=%color_quartzBlock,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=3A50A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(quartz_block_top)
block:id=%color_quartzBlock,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=624C36,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(quartz_block_top)
block:id=%color_quartzBlock,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=647A39,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(quartz_block_top)
block:id=%color_quartzBlock,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=8E3838,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(quartz_block_top)
block:id=%color_quartzBlock,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=191919,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(quartz_block_top)

# %color_hellsand:* (color_hellsand), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockColor(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockColor
block:id=%color_hellsand,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/bw_(soul_sand)
block:id=%color_hellsand,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=CC803F,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(soul_sand)
block:id=%color_hellsand,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=AF58CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(soul_sand)
block:id=%color_hellsand,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=6E99CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(soul_sand)
block:id=%color_hellsand,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=DCDC44,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(soul_sand)
block:id=%color_hellsand,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=7EBF27,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(soul_sand)
block:id=%color_hellsand,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=E887A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(soul_sand)
block:id=%color_hellsand,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=4C4C4C,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(soul_sand)
block:id=%color_hellsand,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=999999,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(soul_sand)
block:id=%color_hellsand,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=527E93,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(soul_sand)
block:id=%color_hellsand,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=7E48AA,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(soul_sand)
block:id=%color_hellsand,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=3A50A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(soul_sand)
block:id=%color_hellsand,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=624C36,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(soul_sand)
block:id=%color_hellsand,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=647A39,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(soul_sand)
block:id=%color_hellsand,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=8E3838,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(soul_sand)
block:id=%color_hellsand,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=191919,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(soul_sand)

# %color_redstoneLight:* (color_redstoneLight), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockColor(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockColor
block:id=%color_redstoneLight,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/bw_(redstone_lamp_on)
block:id=%color_redstoneLight,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=CC803F,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_lamp_on)
block:id=%color_redstoneLight,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=AF58CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_lamp_on)
block:id=%color_redstoneLight,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=6E99CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_lamp_on)
block:id=%color_redstoneLight,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=DCDC44,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_lamp_on)
block:id=%color_redstoneLight,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=7EBF27,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_lamp_on)
block:id=%color_redstoneLight,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=E887A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_lamp_on)
block:id=%color_redstoneLight,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=4C4C4C,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_lamp_on)
block:id=%color_redstoneLight,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=999999,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_lamp_on)
block:id=%color_redstoneLight,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=527E93,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_lamp_on)
block:id=%color_redstoneLight,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=7E48AA,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_lamp_on)
block:id=%color_redstoneLight,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=3A50A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_lamp_on)
block:id=%color_redstoneLight,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=624C36,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_lamp_on)
block:id=%color_redstoneLight,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=647A39,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_lamp_on)
block:id=%color_redstoneLight,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=8E3838,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_lamp_on)
block:id=%color_redstoneLight,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=191919,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_lamp_on)

# %color_brick:* (color_brick), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockColor(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockColor
block:id=%color_brick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/bw_(brick)
block:id=%color_brick,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=CC803F,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(brick)
block:id=%color_brick,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=AF58CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(brick)
block:id=%color_brick,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=6E99CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(brick)
block:id=%color_brick,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=DCDC44,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(brick)
block:id=%color_brick,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=7EBF27,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(brick)
block:id=%color_brick,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=E887A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(brick)
block:id=%color_brick,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=4C4C4C,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(brick)
block:id=%color_brick,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=999999,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(brick)
block:id=%color_brick,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=527E93,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(brick)
block:id=%color_brick,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=7E48AA,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(brick)
block:id=%color_brick,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=3A50A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(brick)
block:id=%color_brick,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=624C36,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(brick)
block:id=%color_brick,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=647A39,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(brick)
block:id=%color_brick,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=8E3838,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(brick)
block:id=%color_brick,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=191919,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(brick)

# %color_stonebrick:* (color_stonebrick), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockColor(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockColor
block:id=%color_stonebrick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/bw_(cobblestone)
block:id=%color_stonebrick,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=CC803F,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(cobblestone)
block:id=%color_stonebrick,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=AF58CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(cobblestone)
block:id=%color_stonebrick,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=6E99CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(cobblestone)
block:id=%color_stonebrick,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=DCDC44,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(cobblestone)
block:id=%color_stonebrick,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=7EBF27,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(cobblestone)
block:id=%color_stonebrick,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=E887A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(cobblestone)
block:id=%color_stonebrick,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=4C4C4C,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(cobblestone)
block:id=%color_stonebrick,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=999999,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(cobblestone)
block:id=%color_stonebrick,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=527E93,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(cobblestone)
block:id=%color_stonebrick,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=7E48AA,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(cobblestone)
block:id=%color_stonebrick,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=3A50A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(cobblestone)
block:id=%color_stonebrick,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=624C36,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(cobblestone)
block:id=%color_stonebrick,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=647A39,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(cobblestone)
block:id=%color_stonebrick,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=8E3838,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(cobblestone)
block:id=%color_stonebrick,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=191919,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(cobblestone)

# %color_blockLapis:* (color_blockLapis), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockColor(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockColor
block:id=%color_blockLapis,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/bw_(lapis_block)
block:id=%color_blockLapis,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=CC803F,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(lapis_block)
block:id=%color_blockLapis,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=AF58CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(lapis_block)
block:id=%color_blockLapis,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=6E99CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(lapis_block)
block:id=%color_blockLapis,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=DCDC44,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(lapis_block)
block:id=%color_blockLapis,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=7EBF27,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(lapis_block)
block:id=%color_blockLapis,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=E887A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(lapis_block)
block:id=%color_blockLapis,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=4C4C4C,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(lapis_block)
block:id=%color_blockLapis,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=999999,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(lapis_block)
block:id=%color_blockLapis,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=527E93,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(lapis_block)
block:id=%color_blockLapis,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=7E48AA,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(lapis_block)
block:id=%color_blockLapis,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=3A50A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(lapis_block)
block:id=%color_blockLapis,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=624C36,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(lapis_block)
block:id=%color_blockLapis,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=647A39,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(lapis_block)
block:id=%color_blockLapis,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=8E3838,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(lapis_block)
block:id=%color_blockLapis,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=191919,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(lapis_block)

# %color_obsidian:* (color_obsidian), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockColor(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockColor
block:id=%color_obsidian,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/bw_(obsidian)
block:id=%color_obsidian,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=CC803F,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(obsidian)
block:id=%color_obsidian,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=AF58CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(obsidian)
block:id=%color_obsidian,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=6E99CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(obsidian)
block:id=%color_obsidian,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=DCDC44,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(obsidian)
block:id=%color_obsidian,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=7EBF27,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(obsidian)
block:id=%color_obsidian,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=E887A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(obsidian)
block:id=%color_obsidian,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=4C4C4C,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(obsidian)
block:id=%color_obsidian,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=999999,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(obsidian)
block:id=%color_obsidian,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=527E93,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(obsidian)
block:id=%color_obsidian,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=7E48AA,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(obsidian)
block:id=%color_obsidian,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=3A50A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(obsidian)
block:id=%color_obsidian,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=624C36,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(obsidian)
block:id=%color_obsidian,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=647A39,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(obsidian)
block:id=%color_obsidian,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=8E3838,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(obsidian)
block:id=%color_obsidian,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=191919,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(obsidian)

# %color_blockRedstone:* (color_blockRedstone), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockColor(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockColor
block:id=%color_blockRedstone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/bw_(redstone_block)
block:id=%color_blockRedstone,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=CC803F,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_block)
block:id=%color_blockRedstone,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=AF58CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_block)
block:id=%color_blockRedstone,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=6E99CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_block)
block:id=%color_blockRedstone,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=DCDC44,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_block)
block:id=%color_blockRedstone,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=7EBF27,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_block)
block:id=%color_blockRedstone,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=E887A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_block)
block:id=%color_blockRedstone,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=4C4C4C,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_block)
block:id=%color_blockRedstone,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=999999,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_block)
block:id=%color_blockRedstone,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=527E93,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_block)
block:id=%color_blockRedstone,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=7E48AA,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_block)
block:id=%color_blockRedstone,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=3A50A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_block)
block:id=%color_blockRedstone,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=624C36,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_block)
block:id=%color_blockRedstone,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=647A39,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_block)
block:id=%color_blockRedstone,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=8E3838,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_block)
block:id=%color_blockRedstone,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=191919,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(redstone_block)

# %color_blockCoal:* (color_blockCoal), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockColor(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockColor
block:id=%color_blockCoal,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/bw_(coal_block)
block:id=%color_blockCoal,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=CC803F,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(coal_block)
block:id=%color_blockCoal,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=AF58CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(coal_block)
block:id=%color_blockCoal,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=6E99CF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(coal_block)
block:id=%color_blockCoal,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=DCDC44,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(coal_block)
block:id=%color_blockCoal,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=7EBF27,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(coal_block)
block:id=%color_blockCoal,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=E887A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(coal_block)
block:id=%color_blockCoal,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=4C4C4C,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(coal_block)
block:id=%color_blockCoal,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=999999,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(coal_block)
block:id=%color_blockCoal,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=527E93,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(coal_block)
block:id=%color_blockCoal,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=7E48AA,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(coal_block)
block:id=%color_blockCoal,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=3A50A7,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(coal_block)
block:id=%color_blockCoal,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=624C36,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(coal_block)
block:id=%color_blockCoal,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=647A39,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(coal_block)
block:id=%color_blockCoal,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=8E3838,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(coal_block)
block:id=%color_blockCoal,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=191919,face0-5=17000:extrautils/bw_(coal_block)

# %cobblestone_compressed:* (cobblestone_compressed), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockCobblestoneCompressed
block:id=%cobblestone_compressed,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/cobblestone_compressed_1
block:id=%cobblestone_compressed,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/cobblestone_compressed_2
block:id=%cobblestone_compressed,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/cobblestone_compressed_3
block:id=%cobblestone_compressed,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/cobblestone_compressed_4
block:id=%cobblestone_compressed,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/cobblestone_compressed_5
block:id=%cobblestone_compressed,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/cobblestone_compressed_6
block:id=%cobblestone_compressed,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/cobblestone_compressed_7
block:id=%cobblestone_compressed,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/cobblestone_compressed_8
block:id=%cobblestone_compressed,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/dirt_compressed_1
block:id=%cobblestone_compressed,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/dirt_compressed_2
block:id=%cobblestone_compressed,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/dirt_compressed_3
block:id=%cobblestone_compressed,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/dirt_compressed_4
block:id=%cobblestone_compressed,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/gravel_compressed_1
block:id=%cobblestone_compressed,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/gravel_compressed_2
block:id=%cobblestone_compressed,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/sand_compressed_1
block:id=%cobblestone_compressed,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/sand_compressed_2

# %conveyor:* (conveyor), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockMultiBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockConveyor
block:id=%conveyor,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/conveyor_top,face4-5=0:extrautils/conveyor_side
block:id=%conveyor,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/conveyor_top,face2-3=0:extrautils/conveyor_side,face4-5=0:extrautils/conveyor_top
block:id=%conveyor,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/conveyor_top,face4-5=0:extrautils/conveyor_side
block:id=%conveyor,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/conveyor_top,face2-3=0:extrautils/conveyor_side,face4-5=0:extrautils/conveyor_top
block:id=%conveyor,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/conveyor_top,face4-5=0:extrautils/conveyor_side
block:id=%conveyor,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/conveyor_top,face2-3=0:extrautils/conveyor_side,face4-5=0:extrautils/conveyor_top
block:id=%conveyor,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/conveyor_top,face4-5=0:extrautils/conveyor_side
block:id=%conveyor,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/conveyor_top,face2-3=0:extrautils/conveyor_side,face4-5=0:extrautils/conveyor_top
block:id=%conveyor,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/conveyor_top,face4-5=0:extrautils/conveyor_side
block:id=%conveyor,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/conveyor_top,face2-3=0:extrautils/conveyor_side,face4-5=0:extrautils/conveyor_top
block:id=%conveyor,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/conveyor_top,face4-5=0:extrautils/conveyor_side
block:id=%conveyor,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/conveyor_top,face2-3=0:extrautils/conveyor_side,face4-5=0:extrautils/conveyor_top
block:id=%conveyor,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/conveyor_top,face4-5=0:extrautils/conveyor_side
block:id=%conveyor,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/conveyor_top,face2-3=0:extrautils/conveyor_side,face4-5=0:extrautils/conveyor_top
block:id=%conveyor,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/conveyor_top,face4-5=0:extrautils/conveyor_side
block:id=%conveyor,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/conveyor_top,face2-3=0:extrautils/conveyor_side,face4-5=0:extrautils/conveyor_top

# %filing:* (filing), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockFilingCabinet
block:id=%filing,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_side,face4=0:extrautils/filingcabinet,face5=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_back
block:id=%filing,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_side_diamond,face4=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_diamond,face5=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_back_diamond
block:id=%filing,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_side,face2=0:extrautils/filingcabinet,face3=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_back,face4-5=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_side
block:id=%filing,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_side,face2=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_back,face3=0:extrautils/filingcabinet,face4-5=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_side
block:id=%filing,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_side,face4=0:extrautils/filingcabinet,face5=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_back
block:id=%filing,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_side,face4=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_back,face5=0:extrautils/filingcabinet
block:id=%filing,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_diamond,face1=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_back_diamond,face2-5=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_side_diamond
block:id=%filing,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_back_diamond,face1=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_diamond,face2-5=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_side_diamond
block:id=%filing,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_side_diamond,face2=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_diamond,face3=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_back_diamond,face4-5=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_side_diamond
block:id=%filing,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_side_diamond,face2=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_back_diamond,face3=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_diamond,face4-5=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_side_diamond
block:id=%filing,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_side_diamond,face4=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_diamond,face5=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_back_diamond
block:id=%filing,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_side_diamond,face4=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_back_diamond,face5=0:extrautils/filingcabinet_diamond

# %greenscreen:* (greenscreen), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockFullBright(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockGreenScreen
block:id=%greenscreen,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/greenscreen
block:id=%greenscreen,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF7F00,face0-5=17000:extrautils/greenscreen
block:id=%greenscreen,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF00FF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/greenscreen
block:id=%greenscreen,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=007FD8,face0-5=17000:extrautils/greenscreen
block:id=%greenscreen,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=FFFF00,face0-5=17000:extrautils/greenscreen
block:id=%greenscreen,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=00FF00,face0-5=17000:extrautils/greenscreen
block:id=%greenscreen,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99A5,face0-5=17000:extrautils/greenscreen
block:id=%greenscreen,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=7F7F7F,face0-5=17000:extrautils/greenscreen
block:id=%greenscreen,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=CCCCCC,face0-5=17000:extrautils/greenscreen
block:id=%greenscreen,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=00FFFF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/greenscreen
block:id=%greenscreen,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=B233FF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/greenscreen
block:id=%greenscreen,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=0000FF,face0-5=17000:extrautils/greenscreen
block:id=%greenscreen,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=7F3300,face0-5=17000:extrautils/greenscreen
block:id=%greenscreen,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=009900,face0-5=17000:extrautils/greenscreen
block:id=%greenscreen,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF0000,face0-5=17000:extrautils/greenscreen
block:id=%greenscreen,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=17000:extrautils/greenscreen

# %trading_post:* (trading_post), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockTradingPost
block:id=%trading_post,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/planks,face1=0:extrautils/trading_post_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/trading_post_side

# %sound_muffler:* (sound_muffler), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockSoundMuffler
block:id=%sound_muffler,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/sound_muffler
block:id=%sound_muffler,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/rain_muffler
block:id=%sound_muffler,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/sound_muffler

# %extractor_base:* (extractor_base), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockMultiBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.tileentity.transfernodes.BlockTransferNode
block:id=%extractor_base,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face1-5=0:extrautils/extractor_extract
block:id=%extractor_base,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/extractor_extract,face1=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face2-5=0:extrautils/extractor_extract
block:id=%extractor_base,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/extractor_extract,face2=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face3-5=0:extrautils/extractor_extract
block:id=%extractor_base,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:extrautils/extractor_extract,face3=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face4-5=0:extrautils/extractor_extract
block:id=%extractor_base,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/extractor_extract,face4=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face5=0:extrautils/extractor_extract
block:id=%extractor_base,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:extrautils/extractor_extract,face5=0:extrautils/extractor_base
block:id=%extractor_base,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face1-5=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid
block:id=%extractor_base,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid,face1=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face2-5=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid
block:id=%extractor_base,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid,face2=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face3-5=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid
block:id=%extractor_base,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid,face3=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face4-5=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid
block:id=%extractor_base,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid,face4=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face5=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid
block:id=%extractor_base,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid,face5=0:extrautils/extractor_base
block:id=%extractor_base,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/extractor_energy
block:id=%extractor_base,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/extractor_energy_hyper
block:id=%extractor_base,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/extractor_energy

# %extractor_base_remote:* (extractor_base_remote), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockMultiBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.tileentity.transfernodes.BlockRetrievalNode
block:id=%extractor_base_remote,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face1-5=0:extrautils/extractor_extract_remote
block:id=%extractor_base_remote,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/extractor_extract_remote,face1=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face2-5=0:extrautils/extractor_extract_remote
block:id=%extractor_base_remote,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/extractor_extract_remote,face2=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face3-5=0:extrautils/extractor_extract_remote
block:id=%extractor_base_remote,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:extrautils/extractor_extract_remote,face3=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face4-5=0:extrautils/extractor_extract_remote
block:id=%extractor_base_remote,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/extractor_extract_remote,face4=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face5=0:extrautils/extractor_extract_remote
block:id=%extractor_base_remote,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:extrautils/extractor_extract_remote,face5=0:extrautils/extractor_base
block:id=%extractor_base_remote,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face1-5=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid_remote
block:id=%extractor_base_remote,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid_remote,face1=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face2-5=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid_remote
block:id=%extractor_base_remote,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid_remote,face2=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face3-5=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid_remote
block:id=%extractor_base_remote,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid_remote,face3=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face4-5=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid_remote
block:id=%extractor_base_remote,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid_remote,face4=0:extrautils/extractor_base,face5=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid_remote
block:id=%extractor_base_remote,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:extrautils/extractor_liquid_remote,face5=0:extrautils/extractor_base
block:id=%extractor_base_remote,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/extractor_energy

# %pipes:* (pipes), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockMultiBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.tileentity.transfernodes.BlockTransferPipe
block:id=%pipes,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrautils/pipes

# %pipes.1:* (pipes.1), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockMultiBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.tileentity.transfernodes.BlockTransferPipe
block:id=%pipes.1,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrautils/pipes

# %cursedearthside:* (cursedearthside), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockCursedEarth
block:id=%cursedearthside,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:extrautils/cursedearthtop,face2-5=0:extrautils/cursedearthside
block:id=%cursedearthside,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/dirt,face1=0:extrautils/blessedEarthTop,face2-5=0:extrautils/blessedEarthSide
block:id=%cursedearthside,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/dirt

# %trashcan:* (trashcan), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockMultiBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockTrashCan
block:id=%trashcan,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/trashcan_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/trashcan_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/trashcan
block:id=%trashcan,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/trashcan1_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/trashcan1_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/trashcan1
block:id=%trashcan,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/trashcan2_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/trashcan2_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/trashcan2
block:id=%trashcan,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/trashcan_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/trashcan_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/trashcan
block:id=%trashcan,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/trashcan1_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/trashcan1_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/trashcan1
block:id=%trashcan,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/trashcan2_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/trashcan2_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/trashcan2
block:id=%trashcan,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/trashcan_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/trashcan_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/trashcan
block:id=%trashcan,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/trashcan1_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/trashcan1_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/trashcan1
block:id=%trashcan,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/trashcan2_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/trashcan2_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/trashcan2
block:id=%trashcan,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/trashcan_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/trashcan_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/trashcan
block:id=%trashcan,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/trashcan1_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/trashcan1_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/trashcan1
block:id=%trashcan,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/trashcan2_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/trashcan2_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/trashcan2
block:id=%trashcan,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/trashcan_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/trashcan_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/trashcan
block:id=%trashcan,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/trashcan1_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/trashcan1_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/trashcan1
block:id=%trashcan,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/trashcan2_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/trashcan2_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/trashcan2
block:id=%trashcan,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/trashcan_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/trashcan_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/trashcan

# %spike_base:* (spike_base), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockSpike(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockSpike
block:id=%spike_base,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_side,face1=0:extrautils/spike_base,face2-5=0:extrautils/spike_side
block:id=%spike_base,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_base,face1-5=0:extrautils/spike_side
block:id=%spike_base,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:extrautils/spike_side,face3=0:extrautils/spike_base,face4-5=0:extrautils/spike_side
block:id=%spike_base,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/spike_side,face2=0:extrautils/spike_base,face3-5=0:extrautils/spike_side
block:id=%spike_base,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:extrautils/spike_side,face5=0:extrautils/spike_base
block:id=%spike_base,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/spike_side,face4=0:extrautils/spike_base,face5=0:extrautils/spike_side
block:id=%spike_base,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_side,face1=0:extrautils/spike_base,face2-5=0:extrautils/spike_side
block:id=%spike_base,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_base,face1-5=0:extrautils/spike_side
block:id=%spike_base,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:extrautils/spike_side,face3=0:extrautils/spike_base,face4-5=0:extrautils/spike_side
block:id=%spike_base,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/spike_side,face2=0:extrautils/spike_base,face3-5=0:extrautils/spike_side
block:id=%spike_base,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:extrautils/spike_side,face5=0:extrautils/spike_base
block:id=%spike_base,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/spike_side,face4=0:extrautils/spike_base,face5=0:extrautils/spike_side
block:id=%spike_base,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_side,face1=0:extrautils/spike_base,face2-5=0:extrautils/spike_side
block:id=%spike_base,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_base,face1-5=0:extrautils/spike_side
block:id=%spike_base,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:extrautils/spike_side,face3=0:extrautils/spike_base,face4-5=0:extrautils/spike_side
block:id=%spike_base,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/spike_side,face2=0:extrautils/spike_base,face3-5=0:extrautils/spike_side

# %spike_base_diamond:* (spike_base_diamond), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockSpike(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockSpikeDiamond
block:id=%spike_base_diamond,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond,face1=0:extrautils/spike_base_diamond,face2-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond
block:id=%spike_base_diamond,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_base_diamond,face1-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond
block:id=%spike_base_diamond,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond,face3=0:extrautils/spike_base_diamond,face4-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond
block:id=%spike_base_diamond,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond,face2=0:extrautils/spike_base_diamond,face3-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond
block:id=%spike_base_diamond,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond,face5=0:extrautils/spike_base_diamond
block:id=%spike_base_diamond,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond,face4=0:extrautils/spike_base_diamond,face5=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond
block:id=%spike_base_diamond,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond,face1=0:extrautils/spike_base_diamond,face2-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond
block:id=%spike_base_diamond,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_base_diamond,face1-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond
block:id=%spike_base_diamond,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond,face3=0:extrautils/spike_base_diamond,face4-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond
block:id=%spike_base_diamond,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond,face2=0:extrautils/spike_base_diamond,face3-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond
block:id=%spike_base_diamond,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond,face5=0:extrautils/spike_base_diamond
block:id=%spike_base_diamond,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond,face4=0:extrautils/spike_base_diamond,face5=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond
block:id=%spike_base_diamond,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond,face1=0:extrautils/spike_base_diamond,face2-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond
block:id=%spike_base_diamond,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_base_diamond,face1-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond
block:id=%spike_base_diamond,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond,face3=0:extrautils/spike_base_diamond,face4-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond
block:id=%spike_base_diamond,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond,face2=0:extrautils/spike_base_diamond,face3-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_diamond

# %spike_base_gold:* (spike_base_gold), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockSpike(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockSpikeGold
block:id=%spike_base_gold,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold,face1=0:extrautils/spike_base_gold,face2-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold
block:id=%spike_base_gold,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_base_gold,face1-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold
block:id=%spike_base_gold,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold,face3=0:extrautils/spike_base_gold,face4-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold
block:id=%spike_base_gold,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold,face2=0:extrautils/spike_base_gold,face3-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold
block:id=%spike_base_gold,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold,face5=0:extrautils/spike_base_gold
block:id=%spike_base_gold,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold,face4=0:extrautils/spike_base_gold,face5=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold
block:id=%spike_base_gold,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold,face1=0:extrautils/spike_base_gold,face2-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold
block:id=%spike_base_gold,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_base_gold,face1-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold
block:id=%spike_base_gold,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold,face3=0:extrautils/spike_base_gold,face4-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold
block:id=%spike_base_gold,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold,face2=0:extrautils/spike_base_gold,face3-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold
block:id=%spike_base_gold,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold,face5=0:extrautils/spike_base_gold
block:id=%spike_base_gold,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold,face4=0:extrautils/spike_base_gold,face5=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold
block:id=%spike_base_gold,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold,face1=0:extrautils/spike_base_gold,face2-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold
block:id=%spike_base_gold,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_base_gold,face1-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold
block:id=%spike_base_gold,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold,face3=0:extrautils/spike_base_gold,face4-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold
block:id=%spike_base_gold,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold,face2=0:extrautils/spike_base_gold,face3-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_gold

# %spike_base_wood:* (spike_base_wood), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockSpike(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockSpikeWood
block:id=%spike_base_wood,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood,face1=0:extrautils/spike_base_wood,face2-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood
block:id=%spike_base_wood,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_base_wood,face1-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood
block:id=%spike_base_wood,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood,face3=0:extrautils/spike_base_wood,face4-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood
block:id=%spike_base_wood,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood,face2=0:extrautils/spike_base_wood,face3-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood
block:id=%spike_base_wood,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood,face5=0:extrautils/spike_base_wood
block:id=%spike_base_wood,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood,face4=0:extrautils/spike_base_wood,face5=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood
block:id=%spike_base_wood,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood,face1=0:extrautils/spike_base_wood,face2-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood
block:id=%spike_base_wood,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_base_wood,face1-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood
block:id=%spike_base_wood,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood,face3=0:extrautils/spike_base_wood,face4-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood
block:id=%spike_base_wood,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood,face2=0:extrautils/spike_base_wood,face3-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood
block:id=%spike_base_wood,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood,face5=0:extrautils/spike_base_wood
block:id=%spike_base_wood,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood,face4=0:extrautils/spike_base_wood,face5=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood
block:id=%spike_base_wood,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood,face1=0:extrautils/spike_base_wood,face2-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood
block:id=%spike_base_wood,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/spike_base_wood,face1-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood
block:id=%spike_base_wood,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood,face3=0:extrautils/spike_base_wood,face4-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood
block:id=%spike_base_wood,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood,face2=0:extrautils/spike_base_wood,face3-5=0:extrautils/spike_side_wood

# %enderThermicPump:* (enderThermicPump), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockEnderthermicPump
block:id=%enderThermicPump,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/enderThermicPump,face1=0:extrautils/enderThermicPump_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/enderThermicPump_side

# %enderQuarry:* (enderQuarry), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.tileentity.enderquarry.BlockEnderQuarry
block:id=%enderQuarry,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/enderQuarry_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/enderQuarry_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/enderQuarry
block:id=%enderQuarry,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/enderQuarry_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/enderQuarry_top_active,face2-5=0:extrautils/enderQuarry_active
block:id=%enderQuarry,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/enderQuarry_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/enderQuarry_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/enderQuarry_finished
block:id=%enderQuarry,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/enderQuarry_bottom,face1=0:extrautils/enderQuarry_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/enderQuarry

# %enderQuarryUpgrade:* (enderQuarryUpgrade), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockMultiBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.tileentity.enderquarry.BlockQuarryUpgrades
block:id=%enderQuarryUpgrade,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:extrautils/quarry_upgrades/quarryUpgradeArm

# %timer:* (timer), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockTimer
block:id=%timer,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/timer

# %magnumTorch:* (magnumTorch), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockMagnumTorch
block:id=%magnumTorch,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/magnumTorchBase,face1=0:extrautils/magnumTorchTop,face2-5=0:extrautils/magnumTorch

# %drum:* (drum), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockDrum(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockDrum
block:id=%drum,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:extrautils/drum_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/drum_side
block:id=%drum,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:extrautils/drum_top2,face2-5=0:extrautils/drum_side2
block:id=%drum,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:extrautils/drum_top,face2-5=0:extrautils/drum_side

# %generator:* (generator), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockMultiBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.tileentity.generators.BlockGenerator
block:id=%generator,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/generator_stone,face1=3:extrautils/generator_stone,face2=1:extrautils/generator_stone,face3=4:extrautils/generator_stone,face4=2:extrautils/generator_stone,face5=5:extrautils/generator_stone
block:id=%generator,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/generator_base,face1=3:extrautils/generator_base,face2=1:extrautils/generator_base,face3=4:extrautils/generator_base,face4=2:extrautils/generator_base,face5=5:extrautils/generator_base
block:id=%generator,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/generator_lava,face1=3:extrautils/generator_lava,face2=1:extrautils/generator_lava,face3=4:extrautils/generator_lava,face4=2:extrautils/generator_lava,face5=5:extrautils/generator_lava
block:id=%generator,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/generator_ender,face1=3:extrautils/generator_ender,face2=1:extrautils/generator_ender,face3=4:extrautils/generator_ender,face4=2:extrautils/generator_ender,face5=5:extrautils/generator_ender
block:id=%generator,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/generator_redflux,face1=3:extrautils/generator_redflux,face2=1:extrautils/generator_redflux,face3=4:extrautils/generator_redflux,face4=2:extrautils/generator_redflux,face5=5:extrautils/generator_redflux
block:id=%generator,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/generator_food,face1=3:extrautils/generator_food,face2=1:extrautils/generator_food,face3=4:extrautils/generator_food,face4=2:extrautils/generator_food,face5=5:extrautils/generator_food
block:id=%generator,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/generator_potion,face1=3:extrautils/generator_potion,face2=1:extrautils/generator_potion,face3=4:extrautils/generator_potion,face4=2:extrautils/generator_potion,face5=5:extrautils/generator_potion
block:id=%generator,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/generator_solar,face1=3:extrautils/generator_solar,face2=1:extrautils/generator_solar,face3=4:extrautils/generator_solar,face4=2:extrautils/generator_solar,face5=5:extrautils/generator_solar
block:id=%generator,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/generator_tnt,face1=3:extrautils/generator_tnt,face2=1:extrautils/generator_tnt,face3=4:extrautils/generator_tnt,face4=2:extrautils/generator_tnt,face5=5:extrautils/generator_tnt
block:id=%generator,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/generator_pink,face1=3:extrautils/generator_pink,face2=1:extrautils/generator_pink,face3=4:extrautils/generator_pink,face4=2:extrautils/generator_pink,face5=5:extrautils/generator_pink
block:id=%generator,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/generator_overclocked,face1=3:extrautils/generator_overclocked,face2=1:extrautils/generator_overclocked,face3=4:extrautils/generator_overclocked,face4=2:extrautils/generator_overclocked,face5=5:extrautils/generator_overclocked
block:id=%generator,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/generator_nether,face1=3:extrautils/generator_nether,face2=1:extrautils/generator_nether,face3=4:extrautils/generator_nether,face4=2:extrautils/generator_nether,face5=5:extrautils/generator_nether

# %generator.8:* (generator.8), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockMultiBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.tileentity.generators.BlockGenerator
block:id=%generator.8,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_stone,face1=3:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_stone,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_stone,face3=4:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_stone,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_stone,face5=5:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_stone
block:id=%generator.8,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_base,face1=3:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_base,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_base,face3=4:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_base,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_base,face5=5:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_base
block:id=%generator.8,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_lava,face1=3:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_lava,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_lava,face3=4:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_lava,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_lava,face5=5:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_lava
block:id=%generator.8,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_ender,face1=3:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_ender,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_ender,face3=4:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_ender,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_ender,face5=5:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_ender
block:id=%generator.8,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_redflux,face1=3:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_redflux,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_redflux,face3=4:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_redflux,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_redflux,face5=5:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_redflux
block:id=%generator.8,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_food,face1=3:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_food,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_food,face3=4:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_food,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_food,face5=5:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_food
block:id=%generator.8,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_potion,face1=3:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_potion,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_potion,face3=4:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_potion,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_potion,face5=5:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_potion
block:id=%generator.8,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_solar,face1=3:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_solar,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_solar,face3=4:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_solar,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_solar,face5=5:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_solar
block:id=%generator.8,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_tnt,face1=3:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_tnt,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_tnt,face3=4:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_tnt,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_tnt,face5=5:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_tnt
block:id=%generator.8,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_pink,face1=3:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_pink,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_pink,face3=4:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_pink,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_pink,face5=5:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_pink
block:id=%generator.8,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_overclocked,face1=3:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_overclocked,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_overclocked,face3=4:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_overclocked,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_overclocked,face5=5:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_overclocked
block:id=%generator.8,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_nether,face1=3:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_nether,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_nether,face3=4:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_nether,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_nether,face5=5:extrautils/supergenerators/generator_nether

# %generator.64:* (generator.64), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockMultiBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.tileentity.generators.BlockGenerator
block:id=%generator.64,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_stone,face1=4:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_stone,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_stone,face3=5:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_stone,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_stone,face5=6:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_stone
block:id=%generator.64,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_base,face1=4:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_base,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_base,face3=5:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_base,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_base,face5=6:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_base
block:id=%generator.64,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_lava,face1=4:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_lava,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_lava,face3=5:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_lava,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_lava,face5=6:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_lava
block:id=%generator.64,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_ender,face1=4:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_ender,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_ender,face3=5:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_ender,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_ender,face5=6:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_ender
block:id=%generator.64,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_redflux,face1=4:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_redflux,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_redflux,face3=5:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_redflux,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_redflux,face5=6:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_redflux
block:id=%generator.64,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_food,face1=4:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_food,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_food,face3=5:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_food,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_food,face5=6:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_food
block:id=%generator.64,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_potion,face1=4:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_potion,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_potion,face3=5:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_potion,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_potion,face5=6:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_potion
block:id=%generator.64,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_solar,face1=4:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_solar,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_solar,face3=5:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_solar,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_solar,face5=6:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_solar
block:id=%generator.64,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_tnt,face1=4:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_tnt,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_tnt,face3=5:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_tnt,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_tnt,face5=6:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_tnt
block:id=%generator.64,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_pink,face1=4:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_pink,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_pink,face3=5:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_pink,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_pink,face5=6:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_pink
block:id=%generator.64,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_overclocked,face1=4:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_overclocked,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_overclocked,face3=5:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_overclocked,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_overclocked,face5=6:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_overclocked
block:id=%generator.64,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_nether,face1=4:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_nether,face2=1:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_nether,face3=5:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_nether,face4=2:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_nether,face5=6:extrautils/supergenerators/sgenerator_nether

# %dark_portal:* (dark_portal), render=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.render.GTPP_Render_MachineBlock(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockPortal
block:id=%dark_portal,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/dark_portal
block:id=%dark_portal,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/light_portal
block:id=%dark_portal,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/dark_portal

# %etherealglass:* (etherealglass), render=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.render.RenderBlockConnectedTexturesEthereal(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.rwtema.extrautils.block.BlockEtherealStone
block:id=%etherealglass,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/etherealglass_corners
block:id=%etherealglass,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/etherealglass1_corners
block:id=%etherealglass,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/etherealdarkglass_corners
block:id=%etherealglass,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/untherealglass1_corners
block:id=%etherealglass,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/untherealglass_corners
block:id=%etherealglass,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/untherealdarkglass_corners
block:id=%etherealglass,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/etherealglass_corners
block:id=%etherealglass,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/etherealglass1_corners
block:id=%etherealglass,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/etherealdarkglass_corners
block:id=%etherealglass,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/untherealglass1_corners
block:id=%etherealglass,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/untherealglass_corners
block:id=%etherealglass,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/untherealdarkglass_corners
block:id=%etherealglass,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/etherealglass_corners
block:id=%etherealglass,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/etherealglass1_corners
block:id=%etherealglass,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/etherealdarkglass_corners
block:id=%etherealglass,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:extrautils/ConnectedTextures/untherealglass1_corners
