# Forestry 4.5.8
version:1.7
modname:Forestry



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/forestry/textures/blocks/
texture:id=forestry/analyzer.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/analyzer.0.png
texture:id=forestry/apiaristchestnew.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiaristchestnew.0.png
texture:id=forestry/apiary.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiary.0.png
texture:id=forestry/apiary.1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiary.1.png
texture:id=forestry/apiary.2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiary.2.png
texture:id=forestry/apiary.4,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiary.4.png
texture:id=forestry/apiculture/alveary.bottom,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiculture/alveary.bottom.png
texture:id=forestry/apiculture/alveary.entrance,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiculture/alveary.entrance.png
texture:id=forestry/apiculture/alveary.fan.off,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiculture/alveary.fan.off.png
texture:id=forestry/apiculture/alveary.heater.off,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiculture/alveary.heater.off.png
texture:id=forestry/apiculture/alveary.plain,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiculture/alveary.plain.png
texture:id=forestry/apiculture/alveary.sieve,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiculture/alveary.sieve.png
texture:id=forestry/apiculture/alveary.stabiliser,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiculture/alveary.stabiliser.png
texture:id=forestry/apiculture/alveary.swarmer.off,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiculture/alveary.swarmer.off.png
texture:id=forestry/apiculture/alveary.valve,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/apiculture/alveary.valve.png
texture:id=forestry/arbchest.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/arbchest.0.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.1.side,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.1.side.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.1.top,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.1.top.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.2.side,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.2.side.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.2.top,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.2.top.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.3.side,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.3.side.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.3.top,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.3.top.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.4.side,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.4.side.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.4.top,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.4.top.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.5.side,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.5.side.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.5.top,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.5.top.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.6.side,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.6.side.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.6.top,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.6.top.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.7.side,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.7.side.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.7.top,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.7.top.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.8.side,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.8.side.png
texture:id=forestry/beehives/beehive.8.top,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehives/beehive.8.top.png
texture:id=forestry/beehouse.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehouse.0.png
texture:id=forestry/beehouse.1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehouse.1.png
texture:id=forestry/beehouse.2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehouse.2.png
texture:id=forestry/beehouse.4,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/beehouse.4.png
texture:id=forestry/bottler.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/bottler.0.png
texture:id=forestry/carpenter.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/carpenter.0.png
texture:id=forestry/centrifuge.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/centrifuge.0.png
texture:id=forestry/enginebronze.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/enginebronze.0.png
texture:id=forestry/engineclockwork.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/engineclockwork.0.png
texture:id=forestry/enginecopper.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/enginecopper.0.png
texture:id=forestry/enginetin.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/enginetin.0.png
texture:id=forestry/escritoire.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/escritoire.0.png
texture:id=forestry/fabricator.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/fabricator.0.png
texture:id=forestry/fabricator.1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/fabricator.1.png
texture:id=forestry/fabricator.2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/fabricator.2.png
texture:id=forestry/fabricator.3,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/fabricator.3.png
texture:id=forestry/fabricator.4,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/fabricator.4.png
texture:id=forestry/fermenter.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/fermenter.0.png
texture:id=forestry/generator.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/generator.0.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeOak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sapling_oak.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeDarkOak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sapling_roofed_oak.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeBirch,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sapling_birch.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeLime,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeLime.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeWalnut,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeWalnut.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeChestnut,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeChestnut.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeCherry,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeCherry.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeLemon,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeLemon.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treePlum,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treePlum.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeMaple,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeMaple.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeSpruce,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sapling_spruce.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeLarch,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeLarch.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treePine,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treePine.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeSequioa,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeSequioa.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeGigant,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeGigant.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeJungle,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sapling_jungle.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeTeak,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeTeak.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeIpe,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeIpe.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeKapok,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeKapok.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeEbony,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeEbony.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeZebrawood,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeZebrawood.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeMahogony,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeMahogony.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeAcaciaVanilla,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sapling_acacia.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeAcacia,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeAcacia.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treePadauk,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treePadauk.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeBalsa,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeBalsa.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeCocobolo,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeCocobolo.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeWenge,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeWenge.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeBaobab,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeBaobab.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeMahoe,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeMahoe.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeWillow,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeWillow.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeSipiri,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeSipiri.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treePapaya,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treePapaya.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treeDate,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treeDate.png
texture:id=forestry/germlings/sapling.treePoplar,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/germlings/sapling.treePoplar.png
texture:id=forestry/leaves/conifers.fancy,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/leaves/conifers.fancy.png
texture:id=forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/leaves/deciduous.fancy.png
texture:id=forestry/leaves/jungle.fancy,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/leaves/jungle.fancy.png
texture:id=forestry/leaves/maple.fancy,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/leaves/maple.fancy.png
texture:id=forestry/leaves/palm.fancy,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/leaves/palm.fancy.png
texture:id=forestry/leaves/willow.fancy,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/leaves/willow.fancy.png
texture:id=forestry/leaves/conifers.changed,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/leaves/conifers.changed.png
texture:id=forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/leaves/deciduous.changed.png
texture:id=forestry/leaves/jungle.changed,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/leaves/jungle.changed.png
texture:id=forestry/leaves/maple.changed,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/leaves/maple.changed.png
texture:id=forestry/leaves/palm.changed,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/leaves/palm.changed.png
texture:id=forestry/leaves/willow.changed,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/leaves/willow.changed.png
texture:id=forestry/lepichest.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/lepichest.0.png
texture:id=forestry/liquid/bioethanol_still,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/liquid/bioethanol_still.png
texture:id=forestry/liquid/biomass_still,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/liquid/biomass_still.png
texture:id=forestry/liquid/for.honey_still,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/liquid/for.honey_still.png
texture:id=forestry/liquid/glass_still,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/liquid/glass_still.png
texture:id=forestry/liquid/ice_still,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/liquid/ice_still.png
texture:id=forestry/liquid/juice_still,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/liquid/juice_still.png
texture:id=forestry/liquid/mead_still,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/liquid/mead_still.png
texture:id=forestry/liquid/seedoil_still,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/liquid/seedoil_still.png
texture:id=forestry/liquid/short.mead_still,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/liquid/short.mead_still.png
texture:id=forestry/mailbox.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/mailbox.0.png
texture:id=forestry/mailbox.1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/mailbox.1.png
texture:id=forestry/mailbox.2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/mailbox.2.png
texture:id=forestry/moistener.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/moistener.0.png
texture:id=forestry/ores/apatite,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/ores/apatite.png
texture:id=forestry/ores/copper,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/ores/copper.png
texture:id=forestry/ores/tin,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/ores/tin.png
texture:id=forestry/philatelist.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/philatelist.0.png
texture:id=forestry/philatelist.1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/philatelist.1.png
texture:id=forestry/philatelist.2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/philatelist.2.png
texture:id=forestry/philatelist.3,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/philatelist.3.png
texture:id=forestry/pods/papaya.2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/pods/papaya.2.png
texture:id=forestry/rainmaker.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/rainmaker.0.png
texture:id=forestry/raintank.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/raintank.0.png
texture:id=forestry/raintank.1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/raintank.1.png
texture:id=forestry/soil/bog,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/soil/bog.png
texture:id=forestry/soil/humus,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/soil/humus.png
texture:id=forestry/soil/peat,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/soil/peat.png
texture:id=forestry/squeezer.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/squeezer.0.png
texture:id=forestry/still.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/still.0.png
texture:id=forestry/storage/apatite,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/storage/apatite.png
texture:id=forestry/storage/bronze,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/storage/bronze.png
texture:id=forestry/storage/copper,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/storage/copper.png
texture:id=forestry/storage/tin,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/storage/tin.png
texture:id=forestry/stump,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/stump.png
texture:id=forestry/tradestation.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/tradestation.0.png
texture:id=forestry/tradestation.1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/tradestation.1.png
texture:id=forestry/tradestation.2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/tradestation.2.png
texture:id=forestry/tradestation.3,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/tradestation.3.png
texture:id=forestry/tradestation.4,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/tradestation.4.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.larch,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.larch.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.larch,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.larch.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.larch,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.larch.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.teak,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.teak.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.teak,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.teak.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.teak,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.teak.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.acacia,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.acacia.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.acacia,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.acacia.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.acacia,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.acacia.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.lime,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.lime.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.lime,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.lime.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.lime,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.lime.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.chestnut,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.chestnut.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.chestnut,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.chestnut.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.chestnut,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.chestnut.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.wenge,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.wenge.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.wenge,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.wenge.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.wenge,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.wenge.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.baobab,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.baobab.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.baobab,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.baobab.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.baobab,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.baobab.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.sequoia,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.sequoia.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.sequoia,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.sequoia.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.sequoia,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.sequoia.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.kapok,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.kapok.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.kapok,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.kapok.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.kapok,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.kapok.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.ebony,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.ebony.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.ebony,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.ebony.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.ebony,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.ebony.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.mahogany,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.mahogany.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.mahogany,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.mahogany.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.mahogany,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.mahogany.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.balsa,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.balsa.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.balsa,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.balsa.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.balsa,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.balsa.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.willow,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.willow.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.willow,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.willow.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.willow,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.willow.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.walnut,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.walnut.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.walnut,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.walnut.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.walnut,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.walnut.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.greenheart,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.greenheart.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.greenheart,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.greenheart.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.greenheart,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.greenheart.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.cherry,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.cherry.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.cherry,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.cherry.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.cherry,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.cherry.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.mahoe,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.mahoe.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.mahoe,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.mahoe.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.mahoe,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.mahoe.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.poplar,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.poplar.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.poplar,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.poplar.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.poplar,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.poplar.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.palm,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.palm.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.palm,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.palm.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.palm,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.palm.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.papaya,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.papaya.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.papaya,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.papaya.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.papaya,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.papaya.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.pine,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.pine.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.pine,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.pine.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.pine,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.pine.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.plum,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.plum.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.plum,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.plum.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.plum,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.plum.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.maple,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.maple.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.maple,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.maple.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.maple,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.maple.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.citrus,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.citrus.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.citrus,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.citrus.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.citrus,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.citrus.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.giganteum,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.giganteum.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.giganteum,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.giganteum.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.giganteum,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.giganteum.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.ipe,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.ipe.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.ipe,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.ipe.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.ipe,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.ipe.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.padauk,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.padauk.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.padauk,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.padauk.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.padauk,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.padauk.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.cocobolo,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.cocobolo.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.cocobolo,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.cocobolo.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.cocobolo,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.cocobolo.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/bark.zebrawood,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/bark.zebrawood.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/heart.zebrawood,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/heart.zebrawood.png
texture:id=forestry/wood/planks.zebrawood,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/wood/planks.zebrawood.png
texture:id=forestry/worktable.0,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/worktable.0.png
texture:id=forestry/worktable.1,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/worktable.1.png
texture:id=forestry/worktable.2,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/worktable.2.png
texture:id=forestry/worktable.3,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/worktable.3.png
texture:id=forestry/worktable.4,filename=assets/forestry/textures/blocks/worktable.4.png
texture:id=minecraft/brick,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/brick.png
texture:id=minecraft/mushroom_brown,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/mushroom_brown.png
texture:id=minecraft/mushroom_red,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/mushroom_red.png



# %core:* (core), render=forestry.core.render.RenderBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=forestry.core.blocks.BlockCore
block:id=%core,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/analyzer.0
block:id=%core,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/escritoire.0

# %soil:* (soil), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.core.blocks.BlockSoil
block:id=%soil,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/soil/humus
block:id=%soil,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/soil/bog
block:id=%soil,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/soil/humus
block:id=%soil,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/soil/bog
block:id=%soil,data=6,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/soil/humus
block:id=%soil,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/soil/bog
block:id=%soil,data=10,data=11,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/soil/humus
block:id=%soil,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/soil/peat
block:id=%soil,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/soil/humus

# %resources:* (resources), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.core.blocks.BlockResourceOre
block:id=%resources,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/ores/apatite
block:id=%resources,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/ores/copper
block:id=%resources,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/ores/tin

# %resourceStorage:* (resourceStorage), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.core.blocks.BlockResourceStorage
block:id=%resourceStorage,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/storage/apatite
block:id=%resourceStorage,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/storage/copper
block:id=%resourceStorage,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/storage/tin
block:id=%resourceStorage,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/storage/bronze

# %fluid.bioethanol:* (fluid.bioethanol), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=forestry.core.fluids.BlockForestryFluid
block:id=%fluid.bioethanol,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:forestry/liquid/bioethanol_still

# %fluid.biomass:* (fluid.biomass), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=forestry.core.fluids.BlockForestryFluid
block:id=%fluid.biomass,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:forestry/liquid/biomass_still

# %fluid.glass:* (fluid.glass), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=forestry.core.fluids.BlockForestryFluid
block:id=%fluid.glass,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:forestry/liquid/glass_still

# %fluid.honey:* (fluid.honey), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=forestry.core.fluids.BlockForestryFluid
block:id=%fluid.honey,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:forestry/liquid/for.honey_still

# %fluid.ice:* (fluid.ice), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=forestry.core.fluids.BlockForestryFluid
block:id=%fluid.ice,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:forestry/liquid/ice_still

# %fluid.juice:* (fluid.juice), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=forestry.core.fluids.BlockForestryFluid
block:id=%fluid.juice,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:forestry/liquid/juice_still

# %fluid.seedoil:* (fluid.seedoil), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=forestry.core.fluids.BlockForestryFluid
block:id=%fluid.seedoil,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:forestry/liquid/seedoil_still

# %fluid.short.mead:* (fluid.short.mead), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=forestry.core.fluids.BlockForestryFluid
block:id=%fluid.short.mead,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:forestry/liquid/short.mead_still

# %fluid.mead:* (fluid.mead), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=forestry.core.fluids.BlockForestryFluid
block:id=%fluid.mead,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:forestry/liquid/mead_still

# %apiculture:* (apiculture), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.apiculture.blocks.BlockApiculture
block:id=%apiculture,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/apiary.0,face1=0:forestry/apiary.1,face2-3=0:forestry/apiary.2,face4-5=0:forestry/apiary.4
block:id=%apiculture,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/beehouse.0,face1=0:forestry/beehouse.1,face2-3=0:forestry/beehouse.2,face4-5=0:forestry/beehouse.4

# %apicultureChest:* (apicultureChest), render=forestry.core.render.RenderBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=forestry.core.blocks.BlockBase
block:id=%apicultureChest,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/apiaristchestnew.0

# %beehives:* (beehives), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.apiculture.blocks.BlockBeehives
block:id=%beehives,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.1.side
block:id=%beehives,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.1.top,face2-5=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.1.side
block:id=%beehives,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.2.top,face2-5=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.2.side
block:id=%beehives,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.3.top,face2-5=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.3.side
block:id=%beehives,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.4.top,face2-5=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.4.side
block:id=%beehives,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.5.top,face2-5=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.5.side
block:id=%beehives,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.6.top,face2-5=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.6.side
block:id=%beehives,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.7.top,face2-5=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.7.side
block:id=%beehives,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.8.top,face2-5=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.8.side
block:id=%beehives,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/beehives/beehive.1.side

# %candle:* (candle), render=forestry.apiculture.render.RenderCandleBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=forestry.apiculture.blocks.BlockCandle
block:id=%candle,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/stump

# %stump:* (stump), render=(TORCH), opaque=false,cls=forestry.apiculture.blocks.BlockStump
block:id=%stump,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=EE0000,patch0=17000:forestry/stump

# %alveary:* (alveary), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.apiculture.blocks.BlockAlveary
block:id=%alveary,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.bottom,face2-5=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.plain
block:id=%alveary,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.bottom,face2-5=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.entrance
block:id=%alveary,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.bottom,face2-5=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.swarmer.off
block:id=%alveary,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.fan.off
block:id=%alveary,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.heater.off
block:id=%alveary,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.valve
block:id=%alveary,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.bottom,face2-5=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.stabiliser
block:id=%alveary,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.bottom,face2-5=0:forestry/apiculture/alveary.sieve

# %logsFireproof:* (logsFireproof), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=forestry.arboriculture.blocks.BlockLog
block:id=%logsFireproof,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.larch,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.larch
block:id=%logsFireproof,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/bark.larch,face2-3=4000:forestry/wood/bark.larch,face4-5=0:forestry/wood/heart.larch
block:id=%logsFireproof,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:forestry/wood/bark.larch,face2-3=0:forestry/wood/heart.larch,face4-5=4000:forestry/wood/bark.larch
block:id=%logsFireproof,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:forestry/wood/heart.larch,face2-5=0:forestry/wood/bark.larch

# %planksFireproof:* (planksFireproof), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.arboriculture.blocks.BlockPlanks
block:id=%planksFireproof,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.larch
block:id=%planksFireproof,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.teak
block:id=%planksFireproof,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.acacia
block:id=%planksFireproof,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.lime
block:id=%planksFireproof,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.chestnut
block:id=%planksFireproof,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.wenge
block:id=%planksFireproof,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.baobab
block:id=%planksFireproof,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.sequoia
block:id=%planksFireproof,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.kapok
block:id=%planksFireproof,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.ebony
block:id=%planksFireproof,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.mahogany
block:id=%planksFireproof,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.balsa
block:id=%planksFireproof,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.willow
block:id=%planksFireproof,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.walnut
block:id=%planksFireproof,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.greenheart
block:id=%planksFireproof,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.cherry

# %slabsFireproof:* (slabsFireproof), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=forestry.arboriculture.blocks.BlockSlab
block:id=%slabsFireproof,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.larch

# %slabsDoubleFireproof:* (slabsDoubleFireproof), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.arboriculture.blocks.BlockSlab
block:id=%slabsDoubleFireproof,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.larch

# %fencesFireproof:* (fencesFireproof), render=(FENCE), opaque=false,cls=forestry.arboriculture.blocks.BlockArbFence
block:id=%fencesFireproof,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:forestry/wood/planks.larch

# %stairsFireproof:* (stairsFireproof), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=forestry.arboriculture.blocks.BlockArbStairs
block:id=%stairsFireproof,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/wood/planks.larch

# %saplingGE:* (saplingGE), render=forestry.arboriculture.render.RenderSaplingBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=forestry.arboriculture.blocks.BlockSapling
block:id=%saplingGE,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeBalsa

# %leaves:* (leaves), render=forestry.arboriculture.render.RenderLeavesBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=forestry.arboriculture.blocks.BlockForestryLeaves
block:id=%leaves,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy

# %pods:* (pods), render=forestry.arboriculture.render.RenderFruitPodBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=forestry.arboriculture.blocks.BlockFruitPod
block:id=%pods,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:forestry/pods/papaya.2

# %arboriculture:* (arboriculture), render=forestry.core.render.RenderBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=forestry.arboriculture.blocks.BlockArboriculture
block:id=%arboriculture,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/arbchest.0

# %engine:* (engine), render=forestry.core.render.RenderBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=forestry.energy.blocks.BlockEngine
block:id=%engine,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/enginetin.0
block:id=%engine,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/enginecopper.0
block:id=%engine,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/enginebronze.0
block:id=%engine,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/generator.0
block:id=%engine,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/engineclockwork.0

# %factory:* (factory), render=forestry.core.render.RenderBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=forestry.factory.blocks.BlockFactoryTESR
block:id=%factory,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/bottler.0
block:id=%factory,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/carpenter.0
block:id=%factory,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/centrifuge.0
block:id=%factory,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/fermenter.0
block:id=%factory,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/moistener.0
block:id=%factory,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/squeezer.0
block:id=%factory,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/still.0
block:id=%factory,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/rainmaker.0

# %factory2:* (factory2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.factory.blocks.BlockFactoryPlain
block:id=%factory2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/fabricator.0,face1=0:forestry/fabricator.1,face2=0:forestry/fabricator.2,face3=0:forestry/fabricator.3,face4-5=0:forestry/fabricator.4
block:id=%factory2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/raintank.0,face1=0:forestry/raintank.1,face2-5=0:forestry/raintank.0
block:id=%factory2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/worktable.0,face1=0:forestry/worktable.1,face2=0:forestry/worktable.2,face3=0:forestry/worktable.3,face4-5=0:forestry/worktable.4

# %mushroom:* (mushroom), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=forestry.farming.blocks.BlockMushroom
block:id=%mushroom,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/mushroom_brown
block:id=%mushroom,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/mushroom_red
block:id=%mushroom,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/mushroom_brown
block:id=%mushroom,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/mushroom_red
block:id=%mushroom,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/mushroom_brown
block:id=%mushroom,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/mushroom_red
block:id=%mushroom,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/mushroom_brown
block:id=%mushroom,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/mushroom_red
block:id=%mushroom,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/mushroom_brown
block:id=%mushroom,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/mushroom_red
block:id=%mushroom,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/mushroom_brown
block:id=%mushroom,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/mushroom_red
block:id=%mushroom,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/mushroom_brown
block:id=%mushroom,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/mushroom_red
block:id=%mushroom,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/mushroom_brown
block:id=%mushroom,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/mushroom_red

# %ffarm:* (ffarm), render=forestry.farming.render.RenderFarmBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=forestry.farming.blocks.BlockFarm
block:id=%ffarm,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/brick

# %lepidopterology:* (lepidopterology), render=forestry.core.render.RenderBlock(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=forestry.lepidopterology.blocks.BlockLepidopterology
block:id=%lepidopterology,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:forestry/lepichest.0

# %mail:* (mail), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=forestry.mail.blocks.BlockMail
block:id=%mail,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/mailbox.0,face1=0:forestry/mailbox.1,face2-5=0:forestry/mailbox.2
block:id=%mail,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/tradestation.0,face1=0:forestry/tradestation.1,face2=0:forestry/tradestation.2,face3=0:forestry/tradestation.3,face4-5=0:forestry/tradestation.4
block:id=%mail,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:forestry/philatelist.0,face1=0:forestry/philatelist.1,face2=0:forestry/philatelist.2,face3=0:forestry/philatelist.3,face4-5=0:forestry/philatelist.2


block:id=%logs,data=*,stdrot=true,patch0=0:forestry/wood/bark.larch,patch1=0:forestry/wood/heart.larch,patch2=0:forestry/wood/bark.teak,patch3=0:forestry/wood/heart.teak,patch4=0:forestry/wood/bark.acacia,patch5=0:forestry/wood/heart.acacia,patch6=0:forestry/wood/bark.lime,patch7=0:forestry/wood/heart.lime,patch8=0:forestry/wood/bark.chestnut,patch9=0:forestry/wood/heart.chestnut,patch10=0:forestry/wood/bark.wenge,patch11=0:forestry/wood/heart.wenge,patch12=0:forestry/wood/bark.baobab,patch13=0:forestry/wood/heart.baobab,patch14=0:forestry/wood/bark.sequoia,patch15=0:forestry/wood/heart.sequoia,patch16=0:forestry/wood/bark.kapok,patch17=0:forestry/wood/heart.kapok,patch18=0:forestry/wood/bark.ebony,patch19=0:forestry/wood/heart.ebony,patch20=0:forestry/wood/bark.mahogany,patch21=0:forestry/wood/heart.mahogany,patch22=0:forestry/wood/bark.balsa,patch23=0:forestry/wood/heart.balsa,patch24=0:forestry/wood/bark.willow,patch25=0:forestry/wood/heart.willow,patch26=0:forestry/wood/bark.walnut,patch27=0:forestry/wood/heart.walnut,patch28=0:forestry/wood/bark.greenheart,patch29=0:forestry/wood/heart.greenheart,patch30=0:forestry/wood/bark.cherry,patch31=0:forestry/wood/heart.cherry,patch32=0:forestry/wood/bark.mahoe,patch33=0:forestry/wood/heart.mahoe,patch34=0:forestry/wood/bark.poplar,patch35=0:forestry/wood/heart.poplar,patch36=0:forestry/wood/bark.palm,patch37=0:forestry/wood/heart.palm,patch38=0:forestry/wood/bark.papaya,patch39=0:forestry/wood/heart.papaya,patch40=0:forestry/wood/bark.pine,patch41=0:forestry/wood/heart.pine,patch42=0:forestry/wood/bark.plum,patch43=0:forestry/wood/heart.plum,patch44=0:forestry/wood/bark.maple,patch45=0:forestry/wood/heart.maple,patch46=0:forestry/wood/bark.citrus,patch47=0:forestry/wood/heart.citrus,patch48=0:forestry/wood/bark.giganteum,patch49=0:forestry/wood/heart.giganteum,patch50=0:forestry/wood/bark.ipe,patch51=0:forestry/wood/heart.ipe,patch52=0:forestry/wood/bark.padauk,patch53=0:forestry/wood/heart.padauk,patch54=0:forestry/wood/bark.cocobolo,patch55=0:forestry/wood/heart.cocobolo,patch56=0:forestry/wood/bark.zebrawood,patch57=0:forestry/wood/heart.zebrawood
block:id=%planks,id=%slabs,id=%slabsDouble,id=%fences,id=%stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,patch0=0:forestry/wood/planks.larch,patch1=0:forestry/wood/planks.teak,patch2=0:forestry/wood/planks.acacia,patch3=0:forestry/wood/planks.lime,patch4=0:forestry/wood/planks.chestnut,patch5=0:forestry/wood/planks.wenge,patch6=0:forestry/wood/planks.baobab,patch7=0:forestry/wood/planks.sequoia,patch8=0:forestry/wood/planks.kapok,patch9=0:forestry/wood/planks.ebony,patch10=0:forestry/wood/planks.mahogany,patch11=0:forestry/wood/planks.balsa,patch12=0:forestry/wood/planks.willow,patch13=0:forestry/wood/planks.walnut,patch14=0:forestry/wood/planks.greenheart,patch15=0:forestry/wood/planks.cherry,patch16=0:forestry/wood/planks.mahoe,patch17=0:forestry/wood/planks.poplar,patch18=0:forestry/wood/planks.palm,patch19=0:forestry/wood/planks.papaya,patch20=0:forestry/wood/planks.pine,patch21=0:forestry/wood/planks.plum,patch22=0:forestry/wood/planks.maple,patch23=0:forestry/wood/planks.citrus,patch24=0:forestry/wood/planks.giganteum,patch25=0:forestry/wood/planks.ipe,patch26=0:forestry/wood/planks.padauk,patch27=0:forestry/wood/planks.cocobolo,patch28=0:forestry/wood/planks.zebrawood


specialModSupportLoader:org.dynmap.modsupport.loaders.ForestryModSupportLoader,name=for

moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeOak,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeOak,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,color=48B518
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeDarkOak,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeDarkOak,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,color=48B518
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeBirch,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeBirch,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,color=80A755
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeLime,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeLime,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,color=5EA107
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeWalnut,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeWalnut,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,color=798C55
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeChestnut,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeChestnut,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,color=5EA107
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeCherry,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeCherry,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,color=E691DA
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeLemon,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeLemon,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,color=88AF54
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treePlum,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treePlum,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,color=589246
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeMaple,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeMaple,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/maple.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/maple.changed,color=D4F425
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeSpruce,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeSpruce,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/conifers.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/conifers.changed,color=619961
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeLarch,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeLarch,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/conifers.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/conifers.changed,color=698F90
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treePine,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treePine,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/conifers.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/conifers.changed,color=FEFF8F
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeSequioa,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeSequioa,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/conifers.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/conifers.changed,color=418E71
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeGigant,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeGigant,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/conifers.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/conifers.changed,color=738434
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeJungle,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeJungle,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/jungle.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/jungle.changed,color=48B518
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeTeak,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeTeak,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/jungle.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/jungle.changed,color=FEFF8F
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeIpe,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeIpe,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/jungle.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/jungle.changed,color=FDD207
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeKapok,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeKapok,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/jungle.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/jungle.changed,color=89987B
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeEbony,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeEbony,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/jungle.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/jungle.changed,color=A2D24A
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeZebrawood,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeZebrawood,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/jungle.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/jungle.changed,color=A2D24A
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeMahogony,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeMahogony,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/jungle.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/jungle.changed,color=8AB154
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeAcaciaVanilla,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeAcaciaVanilla,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,color=616101
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeAcacia,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeAcacia,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,color=748C1C
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treePadauk,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treePadauk,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,color=D0DF8C
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeBalsa,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeBalsa,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,color=59AC00
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeCocobolo,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeCocobolo,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,color=6AA17A
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeWenge,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeWenge,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,color=ADA157
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeBaobab,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeBaobab,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,color=FEFF8F
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeMahoe,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeMahoe,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,color=A0BA1B
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeWillow,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeWillow,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/willow.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/willow.changed,color=A3B8A5
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeSipiri,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeSipiri,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,color=678911
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treePapaya,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treePapaya,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/palm.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/palm.changed,color=6D9F58
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treeDate,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treeDate,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/palm.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/palm.changed,color=CBCD79
moddata:mod=for,type=tree,name=treePoplar,sapling=0:forestry/germlings/sapling.treePoplar,leaf=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.fancy,leafChanged=17000:forestry/leaves/deciduous.changed,color=A3B8A5
