# GeoStrata v33a
version:1.7
modname:GeoStrata



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/
texture:id=GeoStrata/emeraldbricks,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/emeraldbricks.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/glowbricks,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/glowbricks.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/lapisbricks,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/lapisbricks.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/obsidibricks,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/obsidibricks.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/quartzbricks,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/quartzbricks.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/redbricks,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/redbricks.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/rock/basalt,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/rock/basalt.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/rock/gneiss,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/rock/gneiss.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/rock/granite,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/rock/granite.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/rock/granulite,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/rock/granulite.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/rock/hornfel,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/rock/hornfel.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/rock/limestone,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/rock/limestone.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/rock/marble,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/rock/marble.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/rock/migmatite,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/rock/migmatite.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/rock/onyx,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/rock/onyx.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/rock/opal,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/rock/opal.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/rock/peridotite,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/rock/peridotite.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/rock/pumice,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/rock/pumice.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/rock/quartz,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/rock/quartz.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/rock/sandstone,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/rock/sandstone.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/rock/schist,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/rock/schist.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/rock/shale,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/rock/shale.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/rock/slate,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/rock/slate.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile10_0.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile10_1.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_10,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile10_10.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_11,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile10_11.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_12,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile10_12.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_13,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile10_13.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_14,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile10_14.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_15,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile10_15.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_16,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile10_16.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_2,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile10_2.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_3,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile10_3.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_4,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile10_4.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_5,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile10_5.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_6,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile10_6.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_7,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile10_7.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_8,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile10_8.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_9,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile10_9.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile11_0.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile11_1.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_10,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile11_10.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_11,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile11_11.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_12,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile11_12.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_13,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile11_13.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_14,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile11_14.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_15,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile11_15.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_16,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile11_16.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_2,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile11_2.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_3,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile11_3.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_4,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile11_4.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_5,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile11_5.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_6,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile11_6.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_7,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile11_7.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_8,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile11_8.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_9,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile11_9.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile12_0.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile12_1.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_10,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile12_10.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_11,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile12_11.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_12,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile12_12.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_13,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile12_13.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_14,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile12_14.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_15,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile12_15.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_16,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile12_16.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_2,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile12_2.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_3,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile12_3.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_4,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile12_4.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_5,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile12_5.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_6,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile12_6.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_7,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile12_7.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_8,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile12_8.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_9,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile12_9.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile13_0.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile13_1.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_10,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile13_10.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_11,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile13_11.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_12,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile13_12.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_13,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile13_13.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_14,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile13_14.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_15,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile13_15.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_16,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile13_16.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_2,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile13_2.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_3,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile13_3.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_4,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile13_4.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_5,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile13_5.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_6,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile13_6.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_7,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile13_7.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_8,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile13_8.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_9,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile13_9.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile14_0.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile14_1.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_10,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile14_10.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_11,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile14_11.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_12,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile14_12.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_13,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile14_13.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_14,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile14_14.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_15,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile14_15.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_16,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile14_16.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_2,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile14_2.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_3,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile14_3.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_4,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile14_4.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_5,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile14_5.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_6,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile14_6.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_7,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile14_7.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_8,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile14_8.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_9,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile14_9.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile15_0.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile15_1.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_10,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile15_10.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_11,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile15_11.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_12,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile15_12.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_13,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile15_13.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_14,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile15_14.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_15,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile15_15.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_16,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile15_16.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_2,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile15_2.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_3,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile15_3.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_4,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile15_4.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_5,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile15_5.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_6,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile15_6.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_7,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile15_7.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_8,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile15_8.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_9,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile15_9.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile16_0.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile16_1.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_10,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile16_10.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_11,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile16_11.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_12,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile16_12.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_13,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile16_13.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_14,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile16_14.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_15,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile16_15.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_16,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile16_16.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_2,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile16_2.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_3,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile16_3.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_4,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile16_4.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_5,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile16_5.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_6,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile16_6.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_7,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile16_7.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_8,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile16_8.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_9,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile16_9.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile1_0.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile1_1.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_10,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile1_10.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_11,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile1_11.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_12,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile1_12.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_13,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile1_13.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_14,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile1_14.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_15,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile1_15.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_16,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile1_16.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_2,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile1_2.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_3,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile1_3.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_4,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile1_4.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_5,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile1_5.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_6,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile1_6.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_7,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile1_7.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_8,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile1_8.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_9,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile1_9.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile2_0.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile2_1.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_10,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile2_10.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_11,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile2_11.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_12,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile2_12.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_13,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile2_13.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_14,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile2_14.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_15,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile2_15.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_16,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile2_16.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_2,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile2_2.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_3,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile2_3.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_4,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile2_4.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_5,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile2_5.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_6,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile2_6.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_7,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile2_7.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_8,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile2_8.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_9,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile2_9.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile3_0.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile3_1.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_10,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile3_10.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_11,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile3_11.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_12,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile3_12.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_13,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile3_13.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_14,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile3_14.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_15,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile3_15.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_16,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile3_16.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_2,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile3_2.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_3,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile3_3.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_4,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile3_4.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_5,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile3_5.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_6,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile3_6.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_7,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile3_7.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_8,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile3_8.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_9,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile3_9.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile4_0.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile4_1.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_10,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile4_10.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_11,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile4_11.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_12,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile4_12.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_13,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile4_13.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_14,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile4_14.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_15,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile4_15.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_16,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile4_16.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_2,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile4_2.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_3,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile4_3.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_4,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile4_4.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_5,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile4_5.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_6,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile4_6.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_7,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile4_7.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_8,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile4_8.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_9,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile4_9.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile5_0.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile5_1.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_10,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile5_10.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_11,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile5_11.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_12,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile5_12.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_13,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile5_13.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_14,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile5_14.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_15,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile5_15.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_16,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile5_16.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_2,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile5_2.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_3,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile5_3.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_4,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile5_4.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_5,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile5_5.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_6,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile5_6.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_7,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile5_7.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_8,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile5_8.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_9,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile5_9.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile6_0.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile6_1.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_10,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile6_10.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_11,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile6_11.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_12,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile6_12.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_13,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile6_13.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_14,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile6_14.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_15,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile6_15.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_16,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile6_16.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_2,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile6_2.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_3,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile6_3.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_4,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile6_4.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_5,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile6_5.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_6,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile6_6.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_7,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile6_7.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_8,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile6_8.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_9,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile6_9.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile7_0.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile7_1.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_10,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile7_10.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_11,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile7_11.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_12,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile7_12.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_13,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile7_13.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_14,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile7_14.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_15,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile7_15.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_16,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile7_16.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_2,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile7_2.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_3,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile7_3.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_4,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile7_4.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_5,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile7_5.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_6,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile7_6.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_7,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile7_7.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_8,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile7_8.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_9,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile7_9.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile8_0.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile8_1.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_10,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile8_10.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_11,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile8_11.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_12,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile8_12.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_13,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile8_13.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_14,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile8_14.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_15,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile8_15.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_16,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile8_16.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_2,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile8_2.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_3,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile8_3.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_4,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile8_4.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_5,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile8_5.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_6,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile8_6.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_7,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile8_7.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_8,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile8_8.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_9,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile8_9.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile9_0.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile9_1.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_10,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile9_10.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_11,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile9_11.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_12,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile9_12.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_13,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile9_13.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_14,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile9_14.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_15,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile9_15.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_16,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile9_16.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_2,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile9_2.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_3,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile9_3.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_4,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile9_4.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_5,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile9_5.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_6,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile9_6.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_7,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile9_7.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_8,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile9_8.png
texture:id=GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_9,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/shaped/unstitched/tile9_9.png
texture:id=geostrata/creepvine/core,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/creepvine/core.png
texture:id=geostrata/deco/0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/deco/0.png
texture:id=geostrata/deco/1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/deco/1.png
texture:id=geostrata/glowcrystal/a,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/glowcrystal/a.png
texture:id=geostrata/glowvine_anim4,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/glowvine_anim4.png
texture:id=geostrata/orevein/end,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/orevein/end.png
texture:id=geostrata/orevein/ice,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/orevein/ice.png
texture:id=geostrata/orevein/nether,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/orevein/nether.png
texture:id=geostrata/orevein/stone,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/orevein/stone.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_0.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_1.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_10,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_10.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_11,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_11.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_12,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_12.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_13,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_13.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_14,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_14.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_15,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_15.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_16,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_16.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_2,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_2.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_3,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_3.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_4,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_4.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_5,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_5.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_6,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_6.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_7,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_7.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_8,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_8.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_9,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_9.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_0.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_1.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_10,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_10.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_11,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_11.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_12,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_12.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_13,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_13.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_14,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_14.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_15,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_15.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_16,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_16.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_2,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_2.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_3,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_3.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_4,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_4.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_5,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_5.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_6,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_6.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_7,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_7.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_8,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_8.png
texture:id=geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_9,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_9.png
texture:id=geostrata/rfcrystal,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/rfcrystal.png
texture:id=geostrata/semilava/0,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/semilava/0.png
texture:id=geostrata/semilava/1,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/semilava/1.png
texture:id=geostrata/semilava/2,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/semilava/2.png
texture:id=geostrata/semilava/3,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/semilava/3.png
texture:id=geostrata/vent/cryo_top,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/vent/cryo_top.png
texture:id=geostrata/vent/ender_top,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/vent/ender_top.png
texture:id=geostrata/vent/fire_top,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/vent/fire_top.png
texture:id=geostrata/vent/gas_top,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/vent/gas_top.png
texture:id=geostrata/vent/lava_top,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/vent/lava_top.png
texture:id=geostrata/vent/nether/pyro_top,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/vent/nether/pyro_top.png
texture:id=geostrata/vent/smoke_top,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/vent/smoke_top.png
texture:id=geostrata/vent/steam_top,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/vent/steam_top.png
texture:id=geostrata/vent/water_top,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/vent/water_top.png
texture:id=geostrata/voidopal/full,filename=assets/geostrata/textures/blocks/voidopal/full.png
texture:id=minecraft/cobblestone,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/cobblestone.png
texture:id=minecraft/dirt,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/dirt.png
texture:id=minecraft/end_stone,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/end_stone.png
texture:id=minecraft/ice,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/ice.png
texture:id=minecraft/leaves_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/leaves_oak.png
texture:id=minecraft/netherrack,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/netherrack.png
texture:id=minecraft/obsidian,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/obsidian.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_oak.png
texture:id=minecraft/stone,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stone.png



# %geostrata_block_deco:* (geostrata_block_deco), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRockDeco
block:id=%geostrata_block_deco,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/obsidibricks
block:id=%geostrata_block_deco,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/quartzbricks
block:id=%geostrata_block_deco,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/glowbricks
block:id=%geostrata_block_deco,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/redbricks
block:id=%geostrata_block_deco,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/lapisbricks
block:id=%geostrata_block_deco,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/emeraldbricks

# %geostrata_block_vent:* (geostrata_block_vent), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.VentRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockVent
block:id=%geostrata_block_vent,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/stone,face1=0:geostrata/vent/steam_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/stone
block:id=%geostrata_block_vent,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/stone,face1=0:geostrata/vent/smoke_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/stone
block:id=%geostrata_block_vent,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/stone,face1=0:geostrata/vent/fire_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/stone
block:id=%geostrata_block_vent,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/stone,face1=0:geostrata/vent/lava_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/stone
block:id=%geostrata_block_vent,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/stone,face1=0:geostrata/vent/gas_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/stone
block:id=%geostrata_block_vent,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/stone,face1=0:geostrata/vent/water_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/stone
block:id=%geostrata_block_vent,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/end_stone,face1=0:geostrata/vent/ender_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/end_stone
block:id=%geostrata_block_vent,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/netherrack,face1=0:geostrata/vent/nether/pyro_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/netherrack
block:id=%geostrata_block_vent,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/stone,face1=0:geostrata/vent/cryo_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/stone
block:id=%geostrata_block_vent,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/stone,face2-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %geostrata_block_stair:* (geostrata_block_stair), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockGeoStairs
block:id=%geostrata_block_stair,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %geostrata_block_slab:* (geostrata_block_slab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockGeoSlab
block:id=%geostrata_block_slab,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %geostrata_block_lavarock:* (geostrata_block_lavarock), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.LavaRockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockLavaRock
block:id=%geostrata_block_lavarock,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geostrata/semilava/0
block:id=%geostrata_block_lavarock,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geostrata/semilava/1
block:id=%geostrata_block_lavarock,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geostrata/semilava/2
block:id=%geostrata_block_lavarock,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/semilava/3
block:id=%geostrata_block_lavarock,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geostrata/semilava/0
block:id=%geostrata_block_lavarock,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geostrata/semilava/1
block:id=%geostrata_block_lavarock,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geostrata/semilava/2
block:id=%geostrata_block_lavarock,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/semilava/3
block:id=%geostrata_block_lavarock,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geostrata/semilava/0
block:id=%geostrata_block_lavarock,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geostrata/semilava/1
block:id=%geostrata_block_lavarock,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geostrata/semilava/2
block:id=%geostrata_block_lavarock,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/semilava/3
block:id=%geostrata_block_lavarock,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geostrata/semilava/0
block:id=%geostrata_block_lavarock,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geostrata/semilava/1
block:id=%geostrata_block_lavarock,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geostrata/semilava/2
block:id=%geostrata_block_lavarock,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/semilava/3

# %geostrata_block_decogen:* (geostrata_block_decogen), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.DecoGenRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockDecoGen
block:id=%geostrata_block_decogen,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:geostrata/deco/0
block:id=%geostrata_block_decogen,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:geostrata/deco/1

# %geostrata_block_glowcrys:* (geostrata_block_glowcrys), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockGlowCrystal
block:id=%geostrata_block_glowcrys,data=0,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF00D9FF,face0-5=17000:geostrata/glowcrystal/a
block:id=%geostrata_block_glowcrys,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=FFFF5E00,face0-5=17000:geostrata/glowcrystal/a
block:id=%geostrata_block_glowcrys,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF33FF00,face0-5=17000:geostrata/glowcrystal/a
block:id=%geostrata_block_glowcrys,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=FFB700FF,face0-5=17000:geostrata/glowcrystal/a
block:id=%geostrata_block_glowcrys,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:geostrata/glowcrystal/a

# %geostrata_block_partial:* (geostrata_block_partial), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockPartialBounds
block:id=%geostrata_block_partial,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=12000:minecraft/obsidian,face1=12000:minecraft/cobblestone,face2=12000:minecraft/dirt,face3=12000:minecraft/ice,face4=12000:minecraft/leaves_oak,face5=12000:minecraft/planks_oak

# %geostrata_block_glowvine:* (geostrata_block_glowvine), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.GlowVineRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockGlowingVines
block:id=%geostrata_block_glowvine,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:geostrata/glowvine_anim4

# %geostrata_block_rfcrystal:* (geostrata_block_rfcrystal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRFCrystal
block:id=%geostrata_block_rfcrystal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:geostrata/rfcrystal

# %geostrata_block_rfcrystalseed:* (geostrata_block_rfcrystalseed), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRFCrystalSeed
block:id=%geostrata_block_rfcrystalseed,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:geostrata/rfcrystal

# %geostrata_block_voidopal:* (geostrata_block_voidopal), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.VoidOpalRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockVoidOpal
block:id=%geostrata_block_voidopal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:geostrata/voidopal/full

# %geostrata_block_creepvine:* (geostrata_block_creepvine), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.CreepvineRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockCreepvine
block:id=%geostrata_block_creepvine,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:geostrata/creepvine/core

# %geostrata_block_orevein:* (geostrata_block_orevein), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.OreVeinRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockOreVein
block:id=%geostrata_block_orevein,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/orevein/stone
block:id=%geostrata_block_orevein,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/orevein/ice
block:id=%geostrata_block_orevein,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/orevein/nether
block:id=%geostrata_block_orevein,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/orevein/end

# %geostrata_rock_granite_smooth:* (geostrata_rock_granite_smooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSmooth
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_smooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/rock/granite

# %geostrata_rock_granite_cobble:* (geostrata_rock_granite_cobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_cobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_0
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_cobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_0
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_cobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_0
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_cobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_0
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_cobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_0
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_cobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_0
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_cobble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_0
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_cobble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_0
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_cobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_0
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_cobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_0
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_cobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_0
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_cobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_0
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_cobble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_0
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_cobble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_0
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_cobble,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_0
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_cobble,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_0

# %geostrata_rock_granite_connected:* (geostrata_rock_granite_connected), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_connected,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/granite

# %geostrata_rock_granite_connected2:* (geostrata_rock_granite_connected2), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_connected2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/granite

# %geostrata_rock_granite_pillar:* (geostrata_rock_granite_pillar), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRockPillar
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_pillar,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_0,face2-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_0
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_pillar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_0,face2-3=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_0,face4-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_0
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_pillar,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_0,face2-3=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_0,face4-5=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_0
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granite_pillar,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_0

# %geostrata_rock_basalt_smooth:* (geostrata_rock_basalt_smooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSmooth
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_smooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/rock/basalt

# %geostrata_rock_basalt_cobble:* (geostrata_rock_basalt_cobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_cobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_1
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_cobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_1
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_cobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_1
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_cobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_1
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_cobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_1
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_cobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_1
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_cobble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_1
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_cobble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_1
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_cobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_1
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_cobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_1
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_cobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_1
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_cobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_1
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_cobble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_1
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_cobble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_1
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_cobble,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_1
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_cobble,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_1

# %geostrata_rock_basalt_connected:* (geostrata_rock_basalt_connected), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_connected,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/basalt

# %geostrata_rock_basalt_connected2:* (geostrata_rock_basalt_connected2), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_connected2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/basalt

# %geostrata_rock_basalt_pillar:* (geostrata_rock_basalt_pillar), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRockPillar
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_pillar,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_1,face2-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_1
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_pillar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_1,face2-3=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_1,face4-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_1
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_pillar,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_1,face2-3=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_1,face4-5=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_1
block:id=%geostrata_rock_basalt_pillar,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_1

# %geostrata_rock_marble_smooth:* (geostrata_rock_marble_smooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSmooth
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_smooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/rock/marble

# %geostrata_rock_marble_cobble:* (geostrata_rock_marble_cobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_cobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_2
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_cobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_2
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_cobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_2
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_cobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_2
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_cobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_2
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_cobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_2
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_cobble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_2
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_cobble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_2
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_cobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_2
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_cobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_2
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_cobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_2
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_cobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_2
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_cobble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_2
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_cobble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_2
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_cobble,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_2
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_cobble,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_2

# %geostrata_rock_marble_connected:* (geostrata_rock_marble_connected), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_connected,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/marble

# %geostrata_rock_marble_connected2:* (geostrata_rock_marble_connected2), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_connected2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/marble

# %geostrata_rock_marble_pillar:* (geostrata_rock_marble_pillar), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRockPillar
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_pillar,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_2,face2-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_2
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_pillar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_2,face2-3=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_2,face4-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_2
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_pillar,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_2,face2-3=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_2,face4-5=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_2
block:id=%geostrata_rock_marble_pillar,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_2

# %geostrata_rock_limestone_smooth:* (geostrata_rock_limestone_smooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSmooth
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_smooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/rock/limestone

# %geostrata_rock_limestone_cobble:* (geostrata_rock_limestone_cobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_cobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_3
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_cobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_3
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_cobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_3
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_cobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_3
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_cobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_3
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_cobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_3
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_cobble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_3
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_cobble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_3
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_cobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_3
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_cobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_3
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_cobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_3
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_cobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_3
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_cobble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_3
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_cobble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_3
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_cobble,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_3
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_cobble,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_3

# %geostrata_rock_limestone_connected:* (geostrata_rock_limestone_connected), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_connected,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/limestone

# %geostrata_rock_limestone_connected2:* (geostrata_rock_limestone_connected2), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_connected2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/limestone

# %geostrata_rock_limestone_pillar:* (geostrata_rock_limestone_pillar), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRockPillar
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_pillar,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_3,face2-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_3
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_pillar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_3,face2-3=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_3,face4-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_3
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_pillar,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_3,face2-3=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_3,face4-5=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_3
block:id=%geostrata_rock_limestone_pillar,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_3

# %geostrata_rock_shale_smooth:* (geostrata_rock_shale_smooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSmooth
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_smooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/rock/shale

# %geostrata_rock_shale_cobble:* (geostrata_rock_shale_cobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_cobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_4
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_cobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_4
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_cobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_4
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_cobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_4
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_cobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_4
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_cobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_4
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_cobble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_4
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_cobble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_4
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_cobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_4
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_cobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_4
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_cobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_4
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_cobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_4
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_cobble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_4
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_cobble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_4
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_cobble,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_4
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_cobble,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_4

# %geostrata_rock_shale_connected:* (geostrata_rock_shale_connected), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_connected,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/shale

# %geostrata_rock_shale_connected2:* (geostrata_rock_shale_connected2), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_connected2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/shale

# %geostrata_rock_shale_pillar:* (geostrata_rock_shale_pillar), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRockPillar
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_pillar,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_4,face2-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_4
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_pillar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_4,face2-3=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_4,face4-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_4
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_pillar,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_4,face2-3=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_4,face4-5=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_4
block:id=%geostrata_rock_shale_pillar,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_4

# %geostrata_rock_sandstone_smooth:* (geostrata_rock_sandstone_smooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSmooth
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_smooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/rock/sandstone

# %geostrata_rock_sandstone_cobble:* (geostrata_rock_sandstone_cobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_cobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_5
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_cobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_5
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_cobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_5
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_cobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_5
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_cobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_5
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_cobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_5
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_cobble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_5
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_cobble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_5
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_cobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_5
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_cobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_5
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_cobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_5
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_cobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_5
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_cobble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_5
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_cobble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_5
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_cobble,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_5
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_cobble,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_5

# %geostrata_rock_sandstone_connected:* (geostrata_rock_sandstone_connected), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_connected,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/sandstone

# %geostrata_rock_sandstone_connected2:* (geostrata_rock_sandstone_connected2), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_connected2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/sandstone

# %geostrata_rock_sandstone_pillar:* (geostrata_rock_sandstone_pillar), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRockPillar
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_pillar,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_5,face2-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_5
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_pillar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_5,face2-3=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_5,face4-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_5
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_pillar,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_5,face2-3=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_5,face4-5=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_5
block:id=%geostrata_rock_sandstone_pillar,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_5

# %geostrata_rock_pumice_smooth:* (geostrata_rock_pumice_smooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSmooth
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_smooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/rock/pumice

# %geostrata_rock_pumice_cobble:* (geostrata_rock_pumice_cobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_cobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_6
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_cobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_6
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_cobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_6
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_cobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_6
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_cobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_6
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_cobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_6
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_cobble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_6
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_cobble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_6
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_cobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_6
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_cobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_6
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_cobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_6
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_cobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_6
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_cobble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_6
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_cobble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_6
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_cobble,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_6
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_cobble,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_6

# %geostrata_rock_pumice_connected:* (geostrata_rock_pumice_connected), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_connected,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/pumice

# %geostrata_rock_pumice_connected2:* (geostrata_rock_pumice_connected2), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_connected2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/pumice

# %geostrata_rock_pumice_pillar:* (geostrata_rock_pumice_pillar), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRockPillar
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_pillar,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_6,face2-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_6
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_pillar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_6,face2-3=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_6,face4-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_6
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_pillar,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_6,face2-3=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_6,face4-5=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_6
block:id=%geostrata_rock_pumice_pillar,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_6

# %geostrata_rock_slate_smooth:* (geostrata_rock_slate_smooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSmooth
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_smooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/rock/slate

# %geostrata_rock_slate_cobble:* (geostrata_rock_slate_cobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_cobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_7
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_cobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_7
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_cobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_7
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_cobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_7
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_cobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_7
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_cobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_7
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_cobble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_7
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_cobble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_7
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_cobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_7
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_cobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_7
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_cobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_7
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_cobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_7
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_cobble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_7
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_cobble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_7
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_cobble,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_7
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_cobble,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_7

# %geostrata_rock_slate_connected:* (geostrata_rock_slate_connected), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_connected,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/slate

# %geostrata_rock_slate_connected2:* (geostrata_rock_slate_connected2), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_connected2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/slate

# %geostrata_rock_slate_pillar:* (geostrata_rock_slate_pillar), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRockPillar
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_pillar,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_7,face2-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_7
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_pillar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_7,face2-3=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_7,face4-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_7
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_pillar,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_7,face2-3=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_7,face4-5=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_7
block:id=%geostrata_rock_slate_pillar,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_7

# %geostrata_rock_gneiss_smooth:* (geostrata_rock_gneiss_smooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSmooth
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_smooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/rock/gneiss

# %geostrata_rock_gneiss_cobble:* (geostrata_rock_gneiss_cobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_cobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_8
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_cobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_8
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_cobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_8
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_cobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_8
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_cobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_8
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_cobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_8
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_cobble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_8
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_cobble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_8
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_cobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_8
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_cobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_8
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_cobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_8
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_cobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_8
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_cobble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_8
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_cobble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_8
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_cobble,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_8
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_cobble,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_8

# %geostrata_rock_gneiss_connected:* (geostrata_rock_gneiss_connected), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_connected,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/gneiss

# %geostrata_rock_gneiss_connected2:* (geostrata_rock_gneiss_connected2), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_connected2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/gneiss

# %geostrata_rock_gneiss_pillar:* (geostrata_rock_gneiss_pillar), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRockPillar
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_pillar,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_8,face2-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_8
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_pillar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_8,face2-3=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_8,face4-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_8
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_pillar,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_8,face2-3=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_8,face4-5=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_8
block:id=%geostrata_rock_gneiss_pillar,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_8

# %geostrata_rock_peridotite_smooth:* (geostrata_rock_peridotite_smooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSmooth
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_smooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/rock/peridotite

# %geostrata_rock_peridotite_cobble:* (geostrata_rock_peridotite_cobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_cobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_9
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_cobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_9
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_cobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_9
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_cobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_9
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_cobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_9
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_cobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_9
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_cobble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_9
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_cobble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_9
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_cobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_9
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_cobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_9
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_cobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_9
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_cobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_9
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_cobble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_9
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_cobble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_9
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_cobble,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_9
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_cobble,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_9

# %geostrata_rock_peridotite_connected:* (geostrata_rock_peridotite_connected), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_connected,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/peridotite

# %geostrata_rock_peridotite_connected2:* (geostrata_rock_peridotite_connected2), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_connected2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/peridotite

# %geostrata_rock_peridotite_pillar:* (geostrata_rock_peridotite_pillar), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRockPillar
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_pillar,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_9,face2-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_9
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_pillar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_9,face2-3=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_9,face4-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_9
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_pillar,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_9,face2-3=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_9,face4-5=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_9
block:id=%geostrata_rock_peridotite_pillar,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_9

# %geostrata_rock_quartz_smooth:* (geostrata_rock_quartz_smooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSmooth
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_smooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/rock/quartz

# %geostrata_rock_quartz_cobble:* (geostrata_rock_quartz_cobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_cobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_10
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_cobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_10
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_cobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_10
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_cobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_10
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_cobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_10
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_cobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_10
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_cobble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_10
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_cobble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_10
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_cobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_10
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_cobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_10
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_cobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_10
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_cobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_10
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_cobble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_10
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_cobble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_10
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_cobble,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_10
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_cobble,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_10

# %geostrata_rock_quartz_connected:* (geostrata_rock_quartz_connected), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_connected,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/quartz

# %geostrata_rock_quartz_connected2:* (geostrata_rock_quartz_connected2), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_connected2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/quartz

# %geostrata_rock_quartz_pillar:* (geostrata_rock_quartz_pillar), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRockPillar
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_pillar,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_10,face2-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_10
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_pillar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_10,face2-3=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_10,face4-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_10
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_pillar,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_10,face2-3=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_10,face4-5=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_10
block:id=%geostrata_rock_quartz_pillar,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_10

# %geostrata_rock_granulite_smooth:* (geostrata_rock_granulite_smooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSmooth
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_smooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/rock/granulite

# %geostrata_rock_granulite_cobble:* (geostrata_rock_granulite_cobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_cobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_11
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_cobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_11
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_cobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_11
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_cobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_11
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_cobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_11
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_cobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_11
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_cobble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_11
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_cobble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_11
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_cobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_11
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_cobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_11
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_cobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_11
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_cobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_11
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_cobble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_11
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_cobble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_11
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_cobble,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_11
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_cobble,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_11

# %geostrata_rock_granulite_connected:* (geostrata_rock_granulite_connected), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_connected,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/granulite

# %geostrata_rock_granulite_connected2:* (geostrata_rock_granulite_connected2), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_connected2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/granulite

# %geostrata_rock_granulite_pillar:* (geostrata_rock_granulite_pillar), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRockPillar
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_pillar,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_11,face2-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_11
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_pillar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_11,face2-3=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_11,face4-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_11
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_pillar,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_11,face2-3=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_11,face4-5=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_11
block:id=%geostrata_rock_granulite_pillar,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_11

# %geostrata_rock_hornfel_smooth:* (geostrata_rock_hornfel_smooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSmooth
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_smooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/rock/hornfel

# %geostrata_rock_hornfel_cobble:* (geostrata_rock_hornfel_cobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_cobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_12
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_cobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_12
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_cobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_12
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_cobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_12
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_cobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_12
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_cobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_12
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_cobble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_12
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_cobble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_12
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_cobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_12
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_cobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_12
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_cobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_12
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_cobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_12
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_cobble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_12
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_cobble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_12
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_cobble,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_12
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_cobble,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_12

# %geostrata_rock_hornfel_connected:* (geostrata_rock_hornfel_connected), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_connected,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/hornfel

# %geostrata_rock_hornfel_connected2:* (geostrata_rock_hornfel_connected2), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_connected2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/hornfel

# %geostrata_rock_hornfel_pillar:* (geostrata_rock_hornfel_pillar), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRockPillar
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_pillar,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_12,face2-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_12
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_pillar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_12,face2-3=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_12,face4-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_12
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_pillar,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_12,face2-3=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_12,face4-5=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_12
block:id=%geostrata_rock_hornfel_pillar,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_12

# %geostrata_rock_migmatite_smooth:* (geostrata_rock_migmatite_smooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSmooth
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_smooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/rock/migmatite

# %geostrata_rock_migmatite_cobble:* (geostrata_rock_migmatite_cobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_cobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_13
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_cobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_13
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_cobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_13
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_cobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_13
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_cobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_13
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_cobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_13
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_cobble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_13
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_cobble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_13
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_cobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_13
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_cobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_13
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_cobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_13
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_cobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_13
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_cobble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_13
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_cobble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_13
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_cobble,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_13
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_cobble,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_13

# %geostrata_rock_migmatite_connected:* (geostrata_rock_migmatite_connected), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_connected,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/migmatite

# %geostrata_rock_migmatite_connected2:* (geostrata_rock_migmatite_connected2), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_connected2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/migmatite

# %geostrata_rock_migmatite_pillar:* (geostrata_rock_migmatite_pillar), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRockPillar
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_pillar,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_13,face2-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_13
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_pillar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_13,face2-3=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_13,face4-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_13
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_pillar,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_13,face2-3=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_13,face4-5=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_13
block:id=%geostrata_rock_migmatite_pillar,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_13

# %geostrata_rock_schist_smooth:* (geostrata_rock_schist_smooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSmooth
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_smooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/rock/schist

# %geostrata_rock_schist_cobble:* (geostrata_rock_schist_cobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_cobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_14
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_cobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_14
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_cobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_14
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_cobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_14
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_cobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_14
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_cobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_14
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_cobble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_14
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_cobble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_14
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_cobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_14
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_cobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_14
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_cobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_14
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_cobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_14
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_cobble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_14
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_cobble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_14
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_cobble,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_14
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_cobble,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_14

# %geostrata_rock_schist_connected:* (geostrata_rock_schist_connected), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_connected,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/schist

# %geostrata_rock_schist_connected2:* (geostrata_rock_schist_connected2), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_connected2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/schist

# %geostrata_rock_schist_pillar:* (geostrata_rock_schist_pillar), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRockPillar
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_pillar,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_14,face2-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_14
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_pillar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_14,face2-3=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_14,face4-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_14
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_pillar,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_14,face2-3=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_14,face4-5=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_14
block:id=%geostrata_rock_schist_pillar,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_14

# %geostrata_rock_onyx_smooth:* (geostrata_rock_onyx_smooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSmooth
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_smooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/rock/onyx

# %geostrata_rock_onyx_cobble:* (geostrata_rock_onyx_cobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_cobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_15
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_cobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_15
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_cobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_15
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_cobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_15
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_cobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_15
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_cobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_15
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_cobble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_15
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_cobble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_15
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_cobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_15
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_cobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_15
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_cobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_15
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_cobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_15
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_cobble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_15
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_cobble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_15
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_cobble,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_15
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_cobble,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_15

# %geostrata_rock_onyx_connected:* (geostrata_rock_onyx_connected), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_connected,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/onyx

# %geostrata_rock_onyx_connected2:* (geostrata_rock_onyx_connected2), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_connected2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:GeoStrata/rock/onyx

# %geostrata_rock_onyx_pillar:* (geostrata_rock_onyx_pillar), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRockPillar
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_pillar,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_15,face2-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_15
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_pillar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_15,face2-3=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_15,face4-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_15
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_pillar,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_15,face2-3=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_15,face4-5=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_15
block:id=%geostrata_rock_onyx_pillar,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_15

# %geostrata_rock_opal_smooth:* (geostrata_rock_opal_smooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockSmooth
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_smooth,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:GeoStrata/rock/opal

# %geostrata_rock_opal_cobble:* (geostrata_rock_opal_cobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockShapedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_cobble,data=0,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile1_16
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_cobble,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile2_16
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_cobble,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile3_16
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_cobble,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile4_16
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_cobble,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile5_16
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_cobble,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile6_16
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_cobble,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile7_16
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_cobble,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile8_16
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_cobble,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile9_16
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_cobble,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile10_16
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_cobble,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile11_16
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_cobble,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile12_16
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_cobble,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile13_16
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_cobble,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile14_16
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_cobble,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile15_16
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_cobble,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:GeoStrata/shaped/unstitched/tile16_16

# %geostrata_rock_opal_connected:* (geostrata_rock_opal_connected), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_connected,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:GeoStrata/rock/opal

# %geostrata_rock_opal_connected2:* (geostrata_rock_opal_connected2), render=Reika.GeoStrata.Rendering.ConnectedStoneRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockConnectedRock
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_connected2,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:GeoStrata/rock/opal

# %geostrata_rock_opal_pillar:* (geostrata_rock_opal_pillar), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=Reika.GeoStrata.Blocks.BlockRockPillar
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_pillar,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-1=17000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_16,face2-5=17000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_16
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_pillar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-1=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_16,face2-3=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_16,face4-5=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_16
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_pillar,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-1=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_16,face2-3=0:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile1_16,face4-5=4000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_16
block:id=%geostrata_rock_opal_pillar,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF99FFFF,face0-5=17000:geostrata/pillar/sheetpng/tile0_16
