# HardcoreEnderExpansion 1.6.7
version:1.7
modname:HardcoreEnderExpansion



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/_1,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/_1.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/_2,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/_2.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/_3,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/_3.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/_4,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/_4.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/_5,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/_5.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/cinder,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/cinder.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/decomposition_table_bottom,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/decomposition_table_bottom.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/decomposition_table_side,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/decomposition_table_side.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/decomposition_table_top,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/decomposition_table_top.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/decor_infested_fern,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/decor_infested_fern.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/decor_infested_grass,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/decor_infested_grass.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/decor_infested_tallgrass,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/decor_infested_tallgrass.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/decor_lily_fire,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/decor_lily_fire.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/decor_thorn_bush,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/decor_thorn_bush.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/decor_violet_moss_moderate,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/decor_violet_moss_moderate.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/decor_violet_moss_short,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/decor_violet_moss_short.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/decor_violet_moss_tall,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/decor_violet_moss_tall.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_chained_lit,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/dungeon_puzzle_chained_lit.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_chained_unlit,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/dungeon_puzzle_chained_unlit.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_disabled,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/dungeon_puzzle_disabled.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_distributor_spread_lit,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/dungeon_puzzle_distributor_spread_lit.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_distributor_spread_unlit,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/dungeon_puzzle_distributor_spread_unlit.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_distributor_square_lit,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/dungeon_puzzle_distributor_square_lit.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_distributor_square_unlit,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/dungeon_puzzle_distributor_square_unlit.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_trigger_lit,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/dungeon_puzzle_trigger_lit.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_trigger_unlit,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/dungeon_puzzle_trigger_unlit.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_wall,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/dungeon_puzzle_wall.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_wall_rock,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/dungeon_puzzle_wall_rock.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/empty,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/empty.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/end_flower,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/end_flower.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/end_flower_dead,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/end_flower_dead.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/end_powder_ore,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/end_powder_ore.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/endergoo_flow,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/endergoo_flow.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/endium_block,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/endium_block.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/endium_ore,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/endium_ore.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/endstone_ter_burned_side,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/endstone_ter_burned_side.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/endstone_ter_burned_top,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/endstone_ter_burned_top.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/endstone_ter_enchanted_side,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/endstone_ter_enchanted_side.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/endstone_ter_enchanted_top,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/endstone_ter_enchanted_top.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/endstone_ter_infested_side,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/endstone_ter_infested_side.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/endstone_ter_infested_top,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/endstone_ter_infested_top.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/energy_cluster,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/energy_cluster.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/energy_extraction_table_bottom,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/energy_extraction_table_bottom.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/energy_extraction_table_side,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/energy_extraction_table_side.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/energy_extraction_table_top,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/energy_extraction_table_top.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/enhanced_brewing_stand,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/enhanced_brewing_stand.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_0_bottom,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/essence_altar_0_bottom.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_0_side,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/essence_altar_0_side.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_0_top,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/essence_altar_0_top.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_1_bottom,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/essence_altar_1_bottom.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_1_side,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/essence_altar_1_side.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_1_top,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/essence_altar_1_top.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_2_bottom,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/essence_altar_2_bottom.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_2_side,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/essence_altar_2_side.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_2_top,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/essence_altar_2_top.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_3_bottom,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/essence_altar_3_bottom.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_3_side,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/essence_altar_3_side.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_3_top,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/essence_altar_3_top.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/igneous_rock_ore,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/igneous_rock_ore.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/instability_orb_ore,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/instability_orb_ore.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/laboratory_floor,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/laboratory_floor.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/laboratory_glass_outline,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/laboratory_glass_outline.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/laboratory_obsidian,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/laboratory_obsidian.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/laser_beam,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/laser_beam.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_chiseled,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/obsidian_chiseled.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_chiseled_top,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/obsidian_chiseled_top.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_pillar,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/obsidian_pillar.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_pillar_top,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/obsidian_pillar_top.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_smooth,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/obsidian_smooth.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/persegrit.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_bl,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/persegrit_bl.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_br,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/persegrit_br.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_h,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/persegrit_h.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_hl,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/persegrit_hl.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_hr,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/persegrit_hr.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_rbl,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/persegrit_rbl.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_tbl,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/persegrit_tbl.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_tl,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/persegrit_tl.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_tr,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/persegrit_tr.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_trb,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/persegrit_trb.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_trl,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/persegrit_trl.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_v,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/persegrit_v.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_vb,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/persegrit_vb.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_vt,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/persegrit_vt.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_x,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/persegrit_x.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/ravaged_brick.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick_cracked,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/ravaged_brick_cracked.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick_damaged_1,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/ravaged_brick_damaged_1.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick_damaged_2,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/ravaged_brick_damaged_2.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick_damaged_3,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/ravaged_brick_damaged_3.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick_damaged_4,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/ravaged_brick_damaged_4.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick_glow,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/ravaged_brick_glow.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick_smooth,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/ravaged_brick_smooth.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/sphalerite,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/sphalerite.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/sphalerite_stardust,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/sphalerite_stardust.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/spooky_leaves,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/spooky_leaves.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/spooky_log_face,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/spooky_log_face.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/spooky_log_side,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/spooky_log_side.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_1,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/stardust_ore_1.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_10,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/stardust_ore_10.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_11,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/stardust_ore_11.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_12,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/stardust_ore_12.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_13,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/stardust_ore_13.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_14,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/stardust_ore_14.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_15,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/stardust_ore_15.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_16,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/stardust_ore_16.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_2,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/stardust_ore_2.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_3,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/stardust_ore_3.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_4,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/stardust_ore_4.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_5,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/stardust_ore_5.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_6,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/stardust_ore_6.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_7,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/stardust_ore_7.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_8,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/stardust_ore_8.png
texture:id=hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_9,filename=assets/hardcoreenderexpansion/textures/blocks/stardust_ore_9.png
texture:id=minecraft/bedrock,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/bedrock.png
texture:id=minecraft/end_stone,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/end_stone.png
texture:id=minecraft/flower_pot,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/flower_pot.png
texture:id=minecraft/mob_spawner,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/mob_spawner.png
texture:id=minecraft/obsidian,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/obsidian.png
texture:id=minecraft/portal,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/portal.png
texture:id=minecraft/soul_sand,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/soul_sand.png
texture:id=minecraft/tnt_bottom,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/tnt_bottom.png
texture:id=minecraft/tnt_side,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/tnt_side.png
texture:id=minecraft/tnt_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/tnt_top.png



# %laboratory_glass:* (laboratory_glass), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockLaboratoryGlass
block:id=%laboratory_glass,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hardcoreenderexpansion/laboratory_glass_outline

# %enderman_head_block:* (enderman_head_block), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockEndermanHead
block:id=%enderman_head_block,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/soul_sand

# %laboratory_stairs:* (laboratory_stairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockList$BlockBasicStairs
block:id=%laboratory_stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/laboratory_floor

# %enhanced_brewing_stand_block:* (enhanced_brewing_stand_block), render=(BREWINGSTAND), opaque=false,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockEnhancedBrewingStand
block:id=%enhanced_brewing_stand_block,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/enhanced_brewing_stand

# %obsidian_stairs:* (obsidian_stairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockList$BlockBasicStairs
block:id=%obsidian_stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/obsidian

# %ravaged_brick_slab:* (ravaged_brick_slab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockList$BlockBasicSlab
block:id=%ravaged_brick_slab,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick

# %ravaged_brick_smooth:* (ravaged_brick_smooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockRavagedBrickSmooth
block:id=%ravaged_brick_smooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick_smooth

# %laboratory_floor:* (laboratory_floor), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockList$BlockBasic
block:id=%laboratory_floor,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/laboratory_floor

# %spooky_leaves:* (spooky_leaves), render=chylex.hee.render.block.RenderBlockSpookyLeaves(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockSpookyLeaves
block:id=%spooky_leaves,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/spooky_leaves

# %energy_extraction_table:* (energy_extraction_table), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockEnergyExtractionTable
block:id=%energy_extraction_table,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/energy_extraction_table_bottom,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/energy_extraction_table_top,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/energy_extraction_table_side

# %instability_orb_ore:* (instability_orb_ore), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockInstabilityOrbOre
block:id=%instability_orb_ore,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/instability_orb_ore

# %laser_beam:* (laser_beam), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockLaserBeam
block:id=%laser_beam,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/laser_beam

# %laboratory_obsidian:* (laboratory_obsidian), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockList$BlockBasic
block:id=%laboratory_obsidian,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/laboratory_obsidian

# %death_flower_pot:* (death_flower_pot), render=chylex.hee.render.block.RenderBlockEndFlowerPot(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockDeathFlowerPot
block:id=%death_flower_pot,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/flower_pot

# %stardust_ore:* (stardust_ore), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockStardustOre
block:id=%stardust_ore,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_12,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_10,face2=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_7,face3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_13,face4=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_2,face5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_12
block:id=%stardust_ore,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_7,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_5,face2=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_12,face3-4=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_13,face5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_15
block:id=%stardust_ore,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_16,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_11,face2=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_5,face3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_13,face4=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_6,face5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_4
block:id=%stardust_ore,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_15,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_11,face2=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_2,face3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_16,face4=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_3,face5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_11
block:id=%stardust_ore,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_16,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_12,face2=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_3,face3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_7,face4=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_13,face5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_12
block:id=%stardust_ore,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_8,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_13,face2=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_1,face3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_14,face4=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_16,face5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_11
block:id=%stardust_ore,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_9,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_4,face2=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_14,face3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_7,face4=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_16,face5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_8
block:id=%stardust_ore,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_9,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_16,face2=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_5,face3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_3,face4=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_7,face5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_9
block:id=%stardust_ore,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_3,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_6,face2=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_10,face3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_12,face4=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_6,face5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_2
block:id=%stardust_ore,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_15,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_9,face2=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_5,face3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_13,face4=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_2,face5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_16
block:id=%stardust_ore,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_13,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_6,face2=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_7,face3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_8,face4=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_4,face5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_2
block:id=%stardust_ore,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_6,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_9,face2=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_6,face3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_5,face4=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_12,face5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_3
block:id=%stardust_ore,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_5,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_14,face2=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_10,face3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_8,face4=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_3,face5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_10
block:id=%stardust_ore,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_6,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_10,face2=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_2,face3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_5,face4=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_2,face5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_4
block:id=%stardust_ore,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_15,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_10,face2=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_4,face3-4=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_10,face5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_16
block:id=%stardust_ore,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_7,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_16,face2=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_14,face3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_8,face4=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_11,face5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/stardust_ore_6

# %block_special_effects:* (block_special_effects), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockSpecialEffects
block:id=%block_special_effects,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/end_stone,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/endstone_ter_infested_top,face2-3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/endstone_ter_burned_side,face4-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/endstone_ter_enchanted_side
block:id=%block_special_effects,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/_1
block:id=%block_special_effects,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/_2
block:id=%block_special_effects,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/_3
block:id=%block_special_effects,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/_4
block:id=%block_special_effects,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/_5

# %enhanced_tnt:* (enhanced_tnt), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockEnhancedTNT
block:id=%enhanced_tnt,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/tnt_bottom,face1=0:minecraft/tnt_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/tnt_side

# %soul_charm:* (soul_charm), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockSoulCharm
block:id=%soul_charm,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/empty

# %crossed_decoration:* (crossed_decoration), render=chylex.hee.render.block.RenderBlockCrossedDecoration(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockCrossedDecoration
block:id=%crossed_decoration,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/decor_thorn_bush
block:id=%crossed_decoration,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/decor_infested_grass
block:id=%crossed_decoration,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/decor_infested_fern
block:id=%crossed_decoration,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/decor_infested_tallgrass
block:id=%crossed_decoration,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/decor_lily_fire
block:id=%crossed_decoration,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/decor_violet_moss_tall
block:id=%crossed_decoration,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/decor_violet_moss_moderate
block:id=%crossed_decoration,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/decor_violet_moss_short

# %spooky_log:* (spooky_log), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockSpookyLog
block:id=%spooky_log,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/spooky_log_side
block:id=%spooky_log,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/spooky_log_side,face2=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/spooky_log_face,face3-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/spooky_log_side
block:id=%spooky_log,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/spooky_log_side,face3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/spooky_log_face,face4-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/spooky_log_side
block:id=%spooky_log,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/spooky_log_side,face4=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/spooky_log_face,face5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/spooky_log_side
block:id=%spooky_log,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/spooky_log_side,face5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/spooky_log_face
block:id=%spooky_log,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/spooky_log_side

# %ender_goo:* (ender_goo), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockEnderGoo
block:id=%ender_goo,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:hardcoreenderexpansion/endergoo_flow

# %ravaged_brick:* (ravaged_brick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockRavagedBrick
block:id=%ravaged_brick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick
block:id=%ravaged_brick,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick_cracked
block:id=%ravaged_brick,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick_damaged_1
block:id=%ravaged_brick,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick_damaged_2
block:id=%ravaged_brick,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick_damaged_3
block:id=%ravaged_brick,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick_damaged_4
block:id=%ravaged_brick,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick

# %ravaged_brick_fence:* (ravaged_brick_fence), render=(FENCE), opaque=false,cls=net.minecraft.block.BlockFence
block:id=%ravaged_brick_fence,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick

# %end_stone_terrain:* (end_stone_terrain), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockEndstoneTerrain
block:id=%end_stone_terrain,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/end_stone,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/endstone_ter_infested_top,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/endstone_ter_infested_side
block:id=%end_stone_terrain,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/end_stone,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/endstone_ter_burned_top,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/endstone_ter_burned_side
block:id=%end_stone_terrain,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/end_stone,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/endstone_ter_enchanted_top,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/endstone_ter_enchanted_side
block:id=%end_stone_terrain,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/end_stone,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/endstone_ter_infested_top,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/endstone_ter_infested_side

# %obsidian_special:* (obsidian_special), render=chylex.hee.render.block.RenderBlockObsidianSpecial(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockObsidianSpecial
block:id=%obsidian_special,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_smooth
block:id=%obsidian_special,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_chiseled,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_chiseled_top,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_chiseled
block:id=%obsidian_special,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_pillar_top,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_pillar
block:id=%obsidian_special,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_pillar,face4-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_pillar_top
block:id=%obsidian_special,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_pillar,face2-3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_pillar_top,face4-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_pillar
block:id=%obsidian_special,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_smooth
block:id=%obsidian_special,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_chiseled,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_chiseled_top,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_chiseled
block:id=%obsidian_special,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_smooth

# %ravaged_brick_glow:* (ravaged_brick_glow), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockList$BlockBasic
block:id=%ravaged_brick_glow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick_glow

# %igneous_rock_ore:* (igneous_rock_ore), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockIgneousRockOre
block:id=%igneous_rock_ore,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/igneous_rock_ore

# %sphalerite:* (sphalerite), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockSphalerite
block:id=%sphalerite,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/sphalerite
block:id=%sphalerite,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/sphalerite_stardust

# %persegrit:* (persegrit), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockPersegrit
block:id=%persegrit,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit
block:id=%persegrit,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_h
block:id=%persegrit,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_v
block:id=%persegrit,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_hl
block:id=%persegrit,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_hr
block:id=%persegrit,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_vb
block:id=%persegrit,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_vt
block:id=%persegrit,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_tl
block:id=%persegrit,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_tr
block:id=%persegrit,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_bl
block:id=%persegrit,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_br
block:id=%persegrit,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_trb
block:id=%persegrit,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_trl
block:id=%persegrit,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_tbl
block:id=%persegrit,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_rbl
block:id=%persegrit,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/persegrit_x

# %temple_end_portal:* (temple_end_portal), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockTempleEndPortal
block:id=%temple_end_portal,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/portal

# %decomposition_table:* (decomposition_table), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockDecompositionTable
block:id=%decomposition_table,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/decomposition_table_bottom,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/decomposition_table_top,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/decomposition_table_side

# %custom_spawner:* (custom_spawner), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockCustomSpawner
block:id=%custom_spawner,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/mob_spawner

# %energy_cluster:* (energy_cluster), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockEnergyCluster
block:id=%energy_cluster,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/energy_cluster

# %ravaged_brick_stairs:* (ravaged_brick_stairs), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockList$BlockBasicStairs
block:id=%ravaged_brick_stairs,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/ravaged_brick

# %dungeon_puzzle:* (dungeon_puzzle), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockDungeonPuzzle
block:id=%dungeon_puzzle,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_trigger_unlit
block:id=%dungeon_puzzle,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_trigger_lit
block:id=%dungeon_puzzle,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_chained_unlit
block:id=%dungeon_puzzle,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_chained_lit
block:id=%dungeon_puzzle,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_distributor_spread_unlit
block:id=%dungeon_puzzle,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_distributor_spread_lit
block:id=%dungeon_puzzle,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_distributor_square_unlit
block:id=%dungeon_puzzle,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_distributor_square_lit
block:id=%dungeon_puzzle,data=8,data=9,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_trigger_lit
block:id=%dungeon_puzzle,data=11,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_disabled
block:id=%dungeon_puzzle,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_wall
block:id=%dungeon_puzzle,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_wall_rock
block:id=%dungeon_puzzle,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/dungeon_puzzle_trigger_lit

# %endium_block:* (endium_block), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=net.minecraft.block.BlockCompressed
block:id=%endium_block,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/endium_block

# %endium_ore:* (endium_ore), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockEndiumOre
block:id=%endium_ore,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/endium_ore

# %biome_core:* (biome_core), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockBiomeIslandCore
block:id=%biome_core,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/bedrock

# %void_chest:* (void_chest), render=chylex.hee.render.block.RenderBlockVoidChest(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockVoidChest
block:id=%void_chest,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/obsidian

# %death_flower:* (death_flower), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockDeathFlower
block:id=%death_flower,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/end_flower
block:id=%death_flower,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/end_flower_dead

# %obsidian_special_glow:* (obsidian_special_glow), render=chylex.hee.render.block.RenderBlockObsidianSpecial(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockObsidianSpecial
block:id=%obsidian_special_glow,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_smooth
block:id=%obsidian_special_glow,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_chiseled,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_chiseled_top,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_chiseled
block:id=%obsidian_special_glow,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_pillar_top,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_pillar
block:id=%obsidian_special_glow,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_pillar,face4-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_pillar_top
block:id=%obsidian_special_glow,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_pillar,face2-3=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_pillar_top,face4-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_pillar
block:id=%obsidian_special_glow,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_smooth
block:id=%obsidian_special_glow,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_chiseled,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_chiseled_top,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_chiseled
block:id=%obsidian_special_glow,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/obsidian_smooth

# %end_powder_ore:* (end_powder_ore), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockEndPowderOre
block:id=%end_powder_ore,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/end_powder_ore

# %cinder:* (cinder), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockList$BlockBasic
block:id=%cinder,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/cinder

# %obsidian_end:* (obsidian_end), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockObsidianEnd
block:id=%obsidian_end,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/obsidian

# %essence_altar:* (essence_altar), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=chylex.hee.block.BlockEssenceAltar
block:id=%essence_altar,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_0_bottom,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_0_top,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_0_side
block:id=%essence_altar,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_1_bottom,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_1_top,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_1_side
block:id=%essence_altar,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_2_bottom,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_2_top,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_2_side
block:id=%essence_altar,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_3_bottom,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_3_top,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_3_side
block:id=%essence_altar,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_0_bottom,face1=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_0_top,face2-5=0:hardcoreenderexpansion/essence_altar_0_side
