# hexcraft 0.13.2
version:1.7
modname:hexcraft


cfgfile:config/hexcraft.cfg


texturepath:assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/
texture:id=hexcraft/blockAdvancedRainbowCore,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockAdvancedRainbowCore.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerAdvanced01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerAdvanced01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerAdvanced02,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerAdvanced02.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerBasic01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerBasic01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerBasic02,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerBasic02.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator02,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator02.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator03,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator03.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator04,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator04.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator05,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator05.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator06,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator06.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator07,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator07.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator08,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator08.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator09,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator09.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator10,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator10.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator11,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator11.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockEnergyNodeCoreT1,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockEnergyNodeCoreT1.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockEnergyNodeCoreT2,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockEnergyNodeCoreT2.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockEnergyNodeCoreT3,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockEnergyNodeCoreT3.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockEnergyNodeCoreT4,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockEnergyNodeCoreT4.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockEnergyNodePortHEX/blockEnergyNodePortHEX01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockEnergyNodePortHEX/blockEnergyNodePortHEX01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockEnergyNodePortHEX/blockEnergyNodePortHEX02,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockEnergyNodePortHEX/blockEnergyNodePortHEX02.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockEnergyNodePortHEX/blockEnergyNodePortHEX03,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockEnergyNodePortHEX/blockEnergyNodePortHEX03.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockEnergyNodePortHEX/blockEnergyNodePortHEX04,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockEnergyNodePortHEX/blockEnergyNodePortHEX04.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockEnergyNodePortHEX/blockEnergyNodePortHEX05,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockEnergyNodePortHEX/blockEnergyNodePortHEX05.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockEnergyPylonA,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockEnergyPylonA.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockFramedHexoriumBlock.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassA01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassA01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteA01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteA01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumButton,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumButton.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumButtonWhite,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumButtonWhite.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumCable,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumCable.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStone,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumCoatedStone.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneReinforced,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneReinforced.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator02,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator02.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator03,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator03.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator04,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator04.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator05,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator05.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator06,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator06.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator07,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator07.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator08,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator08.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator09,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator09.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator10,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator10.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator11,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator11.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumLamp.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumLampWhite.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumPressurePlate,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumPressurePlate.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhite,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhite.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumSwitch,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumSwitch.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockHexoriumSwitchWhite,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockHexoriumSwitchWhite.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor02,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor02.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor03,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor03.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor04,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor04.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor05,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor05.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor06,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor06.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor07,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor07.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor08,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor08.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor09,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor09.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor10,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor10.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor11,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor11.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockPylonBaseA.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockPylonBaseB.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockQuantumAnchor/blockQuantumAnchor01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuantumAnchor/blockQuantumAnchor01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockQuantumAnchor/blockQuantumAnchor02,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuantumAnchor/blockQuantumAnchor02.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver02,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver02.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver03,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver03.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver04,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver04.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver05,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver05.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector02,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector02.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector03,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector03.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector04,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector04.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector05,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector05.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector06,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector06.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector07,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector07.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockTankRender,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockTankRender.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockTankValve/blockTankValve01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve02,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockTankValve/blockTankValve02.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve03,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockTankValve/blockTankValve03.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve04,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockTankValve/blockTankValve04.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockTemperedHexoriumGlass/blockTemperedHexoriumGlass01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockTemperedHexoriumGlass/blockTemperedHexoriumGlass01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/blockTemperedHexoriumGlass/blockTemperedHexoriumGlassWhite01,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/blockTemperedHexoriumGlass/blockTemperedHexoriumGlassWhite01.png
texture:id=hexcraft/machineBack,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/machineBack.png
texture:id=hexcraft/machineBottom,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/machineBottom.png
texture:id=hexcraft/machineSide,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/machineSide.png
texture:id=hexcraft/transparent,filename=assets/hexcraft/textures/blocks/transparent.png



# %blockHexoriumMonolithRed:* (blockHexoriumMonolithRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumMonolithWorldGen
block:id=%blockHexoriumMonolithRed,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockHexoriumMonolithGreen:* (blockHexoriumMonolithGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumMonolithWorldGen
block:id=%blockHexoriumMonolithGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockHexoriumMonolithBlue:* (blockHexoriumMonolithBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumMonolithWorldGen
block:id=%blockHexoriumMonolithBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockHexoriumMonolithWhite:* (blockHexoriumMonolithWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumMonolithWorldGen
block:id=%blockHexoriumMonolithWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockHexoriumMonolithBlack:* (blockHexoriumMonolithBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumMonolithWorldGen
block:id=%blockHexoriumMonolithBlack,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockHexoriumNetherMonolithRed:* (blockHexoriumNetherMonolithRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumNetherMonolith
block:id=%blockHexoriumNetherMonolithRed,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockHexoriumNetherMonolithGreen:* (blockHexoriumNetherMonolithGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumNetherMonolith
block:id=%blockHexoriumNetherMonolithGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockHexoriumNetherMonolithBlue:* (blockHexoriumNetherMonolithBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumNetherMonolith
block:id=%blockHexoriumNetherMonolithBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockHexoriumNetherMonolithWhite:* (blockHexoriumNetherMonolithWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumNetherMonolith
block:id=%blockHexoriumNetherMonolithWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockHexoriumNetherMonolithBlack:* (blockHexoriumNetherMonolithBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumNetherMonolith
block:id=%blockHexoriumNetherMonolithBlack,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockOfHexoriumCrystalRed:* (blockOfHexoriumCrystalRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockOfHexoriumCrystal
block:id=%blockOfHexoriumCrystalRed,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockOfHexoriumCrystalGreen:* (blockOfHexoriumCrystalGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockOfHexoriumCrystal
block:id=%blockOfHexoriumCrystalGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockOfHexoriumCrystalBlue:* (blockOfHexoriumCrystalBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockOfHexoriumCrystal
block:id=%blockOfHexoriumCrystalBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockOfHexoriumCrystalWhite:* (blockOfHexoriumCrystalWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockOfHexoriumCrystal
block:id=%blockOfHexoriumCrystalWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockOfHexoriumCrystalBlack:* (blockOfHexoriumCrystalBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockOfHexoriumCrystal
block:id=%blockOfHexoriumCrystalBlack,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumRed:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumRed,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumOrange:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumOrange,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumYellow:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumYellow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumLime:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumLime,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumGreen:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumTurquoise:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumTurquoise,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumCyan:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumCyan,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumSkyBlue:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumSkyBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumBlue:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumPurple:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumPurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumPurple,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumMagenta:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumMagenta,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumPink:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumPink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumPink,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumWhite:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumLightGray:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumLightGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumGray:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumDarkGray:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumDarkGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumBlack:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumBlack,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumRainbow:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumRainbow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumRed:* (blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexMiniBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockMiniEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumRed,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumOrange:* (blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexMiniBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockMiniEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumOrange,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumYellow:* (blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexMiniBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockMiniEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumYellow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumLime:* (blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexMiniBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockMiniEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumLime,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumGreen:* (blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexMiniBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockMiniEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumTurquoise:* (blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexMiniBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockMiniEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumTurquoise,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumCyan:* (blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexMiniBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockMiniEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumCyan,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumSkyBlue:* (blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexMiniBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockMiniEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumSkyBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumBlue:* (blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexMiniBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockMiniEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumPurple:* (blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumPurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexMiniBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockMiniEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumPurple,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumMagenta:* (blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexMiniBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockMiniEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumMagenta,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumPink:* (blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumPink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexMiniBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockMiniEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumPink,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumWhite:* (blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexMiniBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockMiniEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumLightGray:* (blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexMiniBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockMiniEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumLightGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumGray:* (blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexMiniBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockMiniEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumDarkGray:* (blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexMiniBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockMiniEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumDarkGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumBlack:* (blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexMiniBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockMiniEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumBlack,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumRainbow:* (blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexMiniBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockMiniEnergizedHexorium
block:id=%blockMiniEnergizedHexoriumRainbow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithRed:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexoriumMonolith
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithRed,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithOrange:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexoriumMonolith
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithOrange,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithYellow:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexoriumMonolith
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithYellow,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithLime:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexoriumMonolith
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithLime,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithGreen:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexoriumMonolith
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithTurquoise:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexoriumMonolith
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithTurquoise,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithCyan:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexoriumMonolith
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithCyan,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithSkyBlue:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexoriumMonolith
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithSkyBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithBlue:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexoriumMonolith
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithPurple:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithPurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexoriumMonolith
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithPurple,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithMagenta:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexoriumMonolith
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithMagenta,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithPink:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithPink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexoriumMonolith
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithPink,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithWhite:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexoriumMonolith
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithLightGray:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexoriumMonolith
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithLightGray,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithGray:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexoriumMonolith
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithGray,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithDarkGray:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexoriumMonolith
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithDarkGray,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithBlack:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexoriumMonolith
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithBlack,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithRainbow:* (blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererMonolith(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergizedHexoriumMonolith
block:id=%blockEnergizedHexoriumMonolithRainbow,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/transparent

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRed:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRed,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRed,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRed,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRed,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRed,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRed,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRed,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRed,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRed,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRed,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRed,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRed,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRed,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRed,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRed,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRed,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockOrange:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockOrange,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockOrange,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockOrange,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockOrange,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockOrange,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockOrange,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockOrange,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockOrange,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockOrange,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockOrange,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockOrange,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockOrange,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockOrange,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockOrange,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockOrange,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockOrange,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockYellow:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockYellow,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockYellow,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockYellow,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockYellow,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockYellow,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockYellow,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockYellow,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockYellow,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockYellow,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockYellow,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockYellow,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockYellow,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockYellow,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockYellow,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockYellow,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockYellow,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLime:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLime,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLime,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLime,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLime,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLime,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLime,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLime,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLime,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLime,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLime,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLime,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLime,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLime,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLime,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLime,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLime,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGreen:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGreen,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGreen,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGreen,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGreen,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGreen,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGreen,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGreen,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGreen,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGreen,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGreen,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGreen,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGreen,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGreen,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGreen,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGreen,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGreen,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockTurquoise:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockCyan:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockCyan,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockCyan,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockCyan,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockCyan,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockCyan,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockCyan,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockCyan,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockCyan,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockCyan,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockCyan,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockCyan,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockCyan,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockCyan,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockCyan,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockCyan,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockCyan,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockSkyBlue:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlue:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPurple:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPurple,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPurple,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPurple,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPurple,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPurple,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPurple,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPurple,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPurple,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPurple,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPurple,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPurple,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPurple,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPurple,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPurple,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPurple,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPurple,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockMagenta:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPink:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPink,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPink,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPink,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPink,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPink,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPink,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPink,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPink,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPink,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPink,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPink,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPink,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPink,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPink,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPink,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockPink,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLightGray:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGray:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockDarkGray:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlack:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlack,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlack,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlack,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlack,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlack,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlack,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlack,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlack,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlack,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlack,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlack,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlack,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlack,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlack,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlack,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockBlack,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRainbow:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRed:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLime:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePurple:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePink:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGray:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow:* (blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEngineeredHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEngineeredHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockRed:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRed,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRed,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRed,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRed,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRed,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRed,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRed,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRed,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRed,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRed,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRed,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRed,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRed,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRed,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRed,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRed,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockOrange:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockYellow:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockLime:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLime,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLime,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLime,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLime,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLime,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLime,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLime,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLime,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLime,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLime,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLime,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLime,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLime,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLime,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLime,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLime,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockGreen:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockTurquoise:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockCyan:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlue:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockPurple:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockPurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockMagenta:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockPink:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockPink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPink,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPink,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPink,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPink,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPink,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPink,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPink,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPink,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPink,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPink,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPink,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPink,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPink,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPink,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPink,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockPink,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockLightGray:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockGray:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockDarkGray:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlack:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockRainbow:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePink:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow:* (blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockFramedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockFramedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockFramedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRed:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRed,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRed,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRed,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRed,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRed,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRed,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRed,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRed,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRed,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRed,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRed,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRed,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRed,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRed,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRed,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRed,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockOrange:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockOrange,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockYellow:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockYellow,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLime:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLime,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLime,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLime,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLime,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLime,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLime,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLime,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLime,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLime,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLime,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLime,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLime,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLime,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLime,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLime,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLime,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGreen:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGreen,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockTurquoise:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockCyan:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockCyan,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlue:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPurple:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPurple,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockMagenta:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPink:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPink,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPink,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPink,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPink,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPink,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPink,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPink,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPink,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPink,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPink,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPink,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPink,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPink,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPink,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPink,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockPink,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLightGray:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGray:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockDarkGray:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlack:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockBlack,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRainbow:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePink:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow:* (blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPlatedHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockPlatedHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockPlatedHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRed:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRed,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRed,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRed,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRed,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRed,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRed,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRed,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRed,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRed,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRed,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRed,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRed,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRed,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRed,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRed,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRed,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockOrange:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockOrange,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockOrange,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockOrange,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockOrange,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockOrange,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockOrange,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockOrange,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockOrange,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockOrange,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockOrange,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockOrange,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockOrange,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockOrange,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockOrange,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockOrange,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockOrange,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockYellow:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockYellow,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockYellow,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockYellow,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockYellow,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockYellow,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockYellow,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockYellow,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockYellow,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockYellow,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockYellow,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockYellow,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockYellow,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockYellow,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockYellow,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockYellow,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockYellow,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLime:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLime,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLime,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLime,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLime,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLime,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLime,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLime,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLime,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLime,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLime,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLime,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLime,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLime,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLime,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLime,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLime,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGreen:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGreen,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGreen,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGreen,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGreen,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGreen,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGreen,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGreen,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGreen,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGreen,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGreen,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGreen,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGreen,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGreen,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGreen,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGreen,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGreen,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockTurquoise:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockTurquoise,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockCyan:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockCyan,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockCyan,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockCyan,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockCyan,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockCyan,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockCyan,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockCyan,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockCyan,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockCyan,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockCyan,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockCyan,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockCyan,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockCyan,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockCyan,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockCyan,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockCyan,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockSkyBlue:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockSkyBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlue:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPurple:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPurple,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPurple,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPurple,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPurple,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPurple,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPurple,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPurple,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPurple,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPurple,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPurple,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPurple,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPurple,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPurple,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPurple,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPurple,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPurple,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockMagenta:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockMagenta,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPink:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPink,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPink,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPink,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPink,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPink,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPink,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPink,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPink,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPink,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPink,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPink,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPink,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPink,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPink,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPink,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockPink,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLightGray:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockLightGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGray:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockDarkGray:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockDarkGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlack:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlack,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlack,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlack,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlack,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlack,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlack,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlack,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlack,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlack,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlack,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlack,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlack,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlack,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlack,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlack,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockBlack,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRainbow:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockRainbow,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRed:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRed,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteOrange,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteYellow,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLime:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLime,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGreen,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteTurquoise,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteCyan,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteSkyBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePurple:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePurple,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteMagenta,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePink:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhitePink,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteWhite,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteLightGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGray:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteDarkGray,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteBlack,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow:* (blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConcentricHexoriumBlock
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhite
block:id=%blockConcentricHexoriumBlockWhiteRainbow,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConcentricHexoriumBlockReinforced

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingRed:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingRed,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingOrange:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingOrange,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingYellow:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingYellow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingLime:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingLime,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingGreen:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingTurquoise:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingTurquoise,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingCyan:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingCyan,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingSkyBlue:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingSkyBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingBlue:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingPurple:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingPurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingPurple,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingMagenta:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingMagenta,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingPink:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingPink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingPink,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingLightGray:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingLightGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingGray:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingDarkGray:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingDarkGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingBlack:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingBlack,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingRainbow:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingRainbow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasing01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteRed:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteRed,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteOrange:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteOrange,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteYellow:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteYellow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteLime:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteLime,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteGreen:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteTurquoise:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteTurquoise,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteCyan:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteCyan,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteSkyBlue:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteSkyBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteBlue:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhitePurple:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhitePurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhitePurple,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteMagenta:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteMagenta,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhitePink:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhitePink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhitePink,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteWhite:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteLightGray:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteLightGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteGray:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteDarkGray:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteDarkGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteBlack:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteBlack,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01

# %blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteRainbow:* (blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumStructureCasing
block:id=%blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhiteRainbow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumStructureCasing/blockHexoriumStructureCasingWhite01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneRed:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneRed,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneOrange:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneOrange,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneYellow:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneYellow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneLime:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneLime,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneGreen:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneTurquoise:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneTurquoise,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneCyan:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneCyan,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneSkyBlue:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneSkyBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneBlue:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStonePurple:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStonePurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStonePurple,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneMagenta:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneMagenta,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStonePink:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStonePink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStonePink,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneLightGray:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneLightGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneGray:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneDarkGray:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneDarkGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneBlack:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneBlack,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneRainbow:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneRainbow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteRed:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteRed,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteOrange:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteOrange,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteYellow:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteYellow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteLime:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteLime,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteGreen:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteTurquoise:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteTurquoise,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteCyan:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteCyan,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteSkyBlue:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteSkyBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteBlue:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhitePurple:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhitePurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhitePurple,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteMagenta:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteMagenta,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhitePink:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhitePink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhitePink,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteWhite:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteLightGray:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteLightGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteGray:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteDarkGray:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteDarkGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteBlack:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteBlack,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteRainbow:* (blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhiteRainbow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStone/blockGlowingHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassRed:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassRed,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassOrange:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassOrange,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassYellow:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassYellow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassLime:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassLime,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassGreen:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassTurquoise:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassTurquoise,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassCyan:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassCyan,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassSkyBlue:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassSkyBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassBlue:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassPurple:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassPurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassPurple,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassMagenta:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassMagenta,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassPink:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassPink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassPink,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhite:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassLightGray:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassLightGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassGray:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassDarkGray:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassDarkGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassBlack:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassBlack,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteRed:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteRed,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteOrange:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteOrange,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteYellow:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteYellow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteLime:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteLime,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteGreen:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteTurquoise:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteTurquoise,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteCyan:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteCyan,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteSkyBlue:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteSkyBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteBlue:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhitePurple:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhitePurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhitePurple,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteMagenta:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteMagenta,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhitePink:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhitePink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhitePink,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteWhite:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteLightGray:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteLightGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteGray:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteDarkGray:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteDarkGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteA01

# %blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteBlack:* (blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockGlowingHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteBlack,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockGlowingHexoriumGlass/blockGlowingHexoriumGlassWhiteA01

# %blockHexoriumLampRed:* (blockHexoriumLampRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampRed,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampOrange:* (blockHexoriumLampOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampOrange,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampYellow:* (blockHexoriumLampYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampYellow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampLime:* (blockHexoriumLampLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampLime,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampGreen:* (blockHexoriumLampGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampTurquoise:* (blockHexoriumLampTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampTurquoise,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampCyan:* (blockHexoriumLampCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampCyan,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampSkyBlue:* (blockHexoriumLampSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampSkyBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampBlue:* (blockHexoriumLampBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampPurple:* (blockHexoriumLampPurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampPurple,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampMagenta:* (blockHexoriumLampMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampMagenta,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampPink:* (blockHexoriumLampPink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampPink,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampWhite:* (blockHexoriumLampWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampLightGray:* (blockHexoriumLampLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampLightGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampGray:* (blockHexoriumLampGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampDarkGray:* (blockHexoriumLampDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampDarkGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampBlack:* (blockHexoriumLampBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampBlack,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampRainbow:* (blockHexoriumLampRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampRainbow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampWhiteRed:* (blockHexoriumLampWhiteRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampWhiteRed,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampWhiteOrange:* (blockHexoriumLampWhiteOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampWhiteOrange,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampWhiteYellow:* (blockHexoriumLampWhiteYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampWhiteYellow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampWhiteLime:* (blockHexoriumLampWhiteLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampWhiteLime,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampWhiteGreen:* (blockHexoriumLampWhiteGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampWhiteGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampWhiteTurquoise:* (blockHexoriumLampWhiteTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampWhiteTurquoise,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampWhiteCyan:* (blockHexoriumLampWhiteCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampWhiteCyan,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampWhiteSkyBlue:* (blockHexoriumLampWhiteSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampWhiteSkyBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampWhiteBlue:* (blockHexoriumLampWhiteBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampWhiteBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampWhitePurple:* (blockHexoriumLampWhitePurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampWhitePurple,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampWhiteMagenta:* (blockHexoriumLampWhiteMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampWhiteMagenta,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampWhitePink:* (blockHexoriumLampWhitePink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampWhitePink,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampWhiteWhite:* (blockHexoriumLampWhiteWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampWhiteWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampWhiteLightGray:* (blockHexoriumLampWhiteLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampWhiteLightGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampWhiteGray:* (blockHexoriumLampWhiteGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampWhiteGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampWhiteDarkGray:* (blockHexoriumLampWhiteDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampWhiteDarkGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampWhiteBlack:* (blockHexoriumLampWhiteBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampWhiteBlack,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampWhiteRainbow:* (blockHexoriumLampWhiteRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLamp
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampWhiteRainbow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampInvRed:* (blockHexoriumLampInvRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvRed,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampInvOrange:* (blockHexoriumLampInvOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvOrange,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampInvYellow:* (blockHexoriumLampInvYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvYellow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampInvLime:* (blockHexoriumLampInvLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvLime,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampInvGreen:* (blockHexoriumLampInvGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampInvTurquoise:* (blockHexoriumLampInvTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvTurquoise,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampInvCyan:* (blockHexoriumLampInvCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvCyan,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampInvSkyBlue:* (blockHexoriumLampInvSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvSkyBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampInvBlue:* (blockHexoriumLampInvBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampInvPurple:* (blockHexoriumLampInvPurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvPurple,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampInvMagenta:* (blockHexoriumLampInvMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvMagenta,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampInvPink:* (blockHexoriumLampInvPink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvPink,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampInvWhite:* (blockHexoriumLampInvWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampInvLightGray:* (blockHexoriumLampInvLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvLightGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampInvGray:* (blockHexoriumLampInvGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampInvDarkGray:* (blockHexoriumLampInvDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvDarkGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampInvBlack:* (blockHexoriumLampInvBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvBlack,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampInvRainbow:* (blockHexoriumLampInvRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvRainbow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLamp

# %blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteRed:* (blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteRed,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteOrange:* (blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteOrange,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteYellow:* (blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteYellow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteLime:* (blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteLime,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteGreen:* (blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteTurquoise:* (blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteTurquoise,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteCyan:* (blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteCyan,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteSkyBlue:* (blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteSkyBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteBlue:* (blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampInvWhitePurple:* (blockHexoriumLampInvWhitePurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvWhitePurple,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteMagenta:* (blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteMagenta,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampInvWhitePink:* (blockHexoriumLampInvWhitePink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvWhitePink,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteWhite:* (blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteLightGray:* (blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteLightGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteGray:* (blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteDarkGray:* (blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteDarkGray,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteBlack:* (blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteBlack,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteRainbow:* (blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumLampInv
block:id=%blockHexoriumLampInvWhiteRainbow,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumLampWhite

# %blockHexoriumDoorRed:* (blockHexoriumDoorRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorRed,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorRed,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorRed,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01

# %blockHexoriumDoorOrange:* (blockHexoriumDoorOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorOrange,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorOrange,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorOrange,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01

# %blockHexoriumDoorYellow:* (blockHexoriumDoorYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorYellow,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorYellow,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorYellow,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01

# %blockHexoriumDoorLime:* (blockHexoriumDoorLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorLime,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorLime,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorLime,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01

# %blockHexoriumDoorGreen:* (blockHexoriumDoorGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorGreen,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorGreen,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorGreen,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01

# %blockHexoriumDoorTurquoise:* (blockHexoriumDoorTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorTurquoise,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorTurquoise,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorTurquoise,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01

# %blockHexoriumDoorCyan:* (blockHexoriumDoorCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorCyan,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorCyan,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorCyan,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01

# %blockHexoriumDoorSkyBlue:* (blockHexoriumDoorSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorSkyBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorSkyBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorSkyBlue,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01

# %blockHexoriumDoorBlue:* (blockHexoriumDoorBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorBlue,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01

# %blockHexoriumDoorPurple:* (blockHexoriumDoorPurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorPurple,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorPurple,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorPurple,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01

# %blockHexoriumDoorMagenta:* (blockHexoriumDoorMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorMagenta,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorMagenta,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorMagenta,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01

# %blockHexoriumDoorPink:* (blockHexoriumDoorPink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorPink,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorPink,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorPink,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01

# %blockHexoriumDoorWhite:* (blockHexoriumDoorWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhite,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhite,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhite,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01

# %blockHexoriumDoorLightGray:* (blockHexoriumDoorLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorLightGray,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorLightGray,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorLightGray,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01

# %blockHexoriumDoorGray:* (blockHexoriumDoorGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorGray,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorGray,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorGray,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01

# %blockHexoriumDoorDarkGray:* (blockHexoriumDoorDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorDarkGray,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorDarkGray,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorDarkGray,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01

# %blockHexoriumDoorBlack:* (blockHexoriumDoorBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorBlack,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorBlack,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorBlack,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01

# %blockHexoriumDoorRainbow:* (blockHexoriumDoorRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorRainbow,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorRainbow,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorRainbow,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor01

# %blockHexoriumDoorWhiteRed:* (blockHexoriumDoorWhiteRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteRed,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteRed,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteRed,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01

# %blockHexoriumDoorWhiteOrange:* (blockHexoriumDoorWhiteOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteOrange,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteOrange,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteOrange,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01

# %blockHexoriumDoorWhiteYellow:* (blockHexoriumDoorWhiteYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteYellow,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteYellow,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteYellow,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01

# %blockHexoriumDoorWhiteLime:* (blockHexoriumDoorWhiteLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteLime,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteLime,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteLime,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01

# %blockHexoriumDoorWhiteGreen:* (blockHexoriumDoorWhiteGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteGreen,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteGreen,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteGreen,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01

# %blockHexoriumDoorWhiteTurquoise:* (blockHexoriumDoorWhiteTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteTurquoise,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteTurquoise,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteTurquoise,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01

# %blockHexoriumDoorWhiteCyan:* (blockHexoriumDoorWhiteCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteCyan,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteCyan,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteCyan,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01

# %blockHexoriumDoorWhiteSkyBlue:* (blockHexoriumDoorWhiteSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteSkyBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteSkyBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteSkyBlue,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01

# %blockHexoriumDoorWhiteBlue:* (blockHexoriumDoorWhiteBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteBlue,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01

# %blockHexoriumDoorWhitePurple:* (blockHexoriumDoorWhitePurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhitePurple,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhitePurple,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhitePurple,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01

# %blockHexoriumDoorWhiteMagenta:* (blockHexoriumDoorWhiteMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteMagenta,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteMagenta,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteMagenta,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01

# %blockHexoriumDoorWhitePink:* (blockHexoriumDoorWhitePink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhitePink,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhitePink,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhitePink,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01

# %blockHexoriumDoorWhiteWhite:* (blockHexoriumDoorWhiteWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteWhite,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteWhite,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteWhite,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01

# %blockHexoriumDoorWhiteLightGray:* (blockHexoriumDoorWhiteLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteLightGray,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteLightGray,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteLightGray,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01

# %blockHexoriumDoorWhiteGray:* (blockHexoriumDoorWhiteGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteGray,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteGray,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteGray,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01

# %blockHexoriumDoorWhiteDarkGray:* (blockHexoriumDoorWhiteDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteDarkGray,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteDarkGray,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteDarkGray,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01

# %blockHexoriumDoorWhiteBlack:* (blockHexoriumDoorWhiteBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteBlack,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteBlack,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteBlack,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01

# %blockHexoriumDoorWhiteRainbow:* (blockHexoriumDoorWhiteRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumDoor
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteRainbow,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteRainbow,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face2=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01,face3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite02,face4=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite03,face5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoor04
block:id=%blockHexoriumDoorWhiteRainbow,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumDoor/blockHexoriumDoorWhite01

# %blockHexoriumHatchRed:* (blockHexoriumHatchRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRed,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRed,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRed,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRed,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRed,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRed,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRed,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRed,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRed,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRed,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRed,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRed,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRed,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRed,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRed,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRed,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchOrange:* (blockHexoriumHatchOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchOrange,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchOrange,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchOrange,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchOrange,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchOrange,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchOrange,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchOrange,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchOrange,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchOrange,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchOrange,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchOrange,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchOrange,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchOrange,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchOrange,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchOrange,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchOrange,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchYellow:* (blockHexoriumHatchYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchYellow,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchYellow,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchYellow,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchYellow,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchYellow,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchYellow,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchYellow,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchYellow,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchYellow,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchYellow,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchYellow,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchYellow,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchYellow,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchYellow,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchYellow,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchYellow,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchLime:* (blockHexoriumHatchLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLime,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLime,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLime,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLime,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLime,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLime,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLime,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLime,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLime,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLime,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLime,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLime,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLime,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLime,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLime,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLime,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchGreen:* (blockHexoriumHatchGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGreen,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGreen,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGreen,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGreen,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGreen,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGreen,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGreen,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGreen,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGreen,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGreen,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGreen,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGreen,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGreen,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGreen,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGreen,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGreen,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchTurquoise:* (blockHexoriumHatchTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchTurquoise,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchTurquoise,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchTurquoise,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchTurquoise,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchTurquoise,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchTurquoise,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchTurquoise,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchTurquoise,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchTurquoise,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchTurquoise,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchTurquoise,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchTurquoise,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchTurquoise,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchTurquoise,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchTurquoise,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchTurquoise,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchCyan:* (blockHexoriumHatchCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchCyan,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchCyan,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchCyan,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchCyan,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchCyan,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchCyan,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchCyan,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchCyan,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchCyan,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchCyan,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchCyan,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchCyan,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchCyan,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchCyan,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchCyan,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchCyan,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchSkyBlue:* (blockHexoriumHatchSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchSkyBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchSkyBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchSkyBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchSkyBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchSkyBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchSkyBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchSkyBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchSkyBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchSkyBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchSkyBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchSkyBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchSkyBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchSkyBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchSkyBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchSkyBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchSkyBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchBlue:* (blockHexoriumHatchBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchPurple:* (blockHexoriumHatchPurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPurple,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPurple,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPurple,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPurple,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPurple,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPurple,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPurple,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPurple,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPurple,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPurple,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPurple,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPurple,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPurple,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPurple,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPurple,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPurple,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchMagenta:* (blockHexoriumHatchMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchMagenta,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchMagenta,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchMagenta,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchMagenta,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchMagenta,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchMagenta,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchMagenta,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchMagenta,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchMagenta,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchMagenta,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchMagenta,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchMagenta,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchMagenta,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchMagenta,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchMagenta,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchMagenta,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchPink:* (blockHexoriumHatchPink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPink,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPink,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPink,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPink,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPink,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPink,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPink,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPink,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPink,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPink,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPink,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPink,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPink,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPink,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPink,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchPink,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchWhite:* (blockHexoriumHatchWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhite,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhite,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhite,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhite,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhite,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhite,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhite,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhite,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhite,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhite,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhite,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhite,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhite,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhite,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhite,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhite,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchLightGray:* (blockHexoriumHatchLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLightGray,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLightGray,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLightGray,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLightGray,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLightGray,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLightGray,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLightGray,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLightGray,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLightGray,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLightGray,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLightGray,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLightGray,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLightGray,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLightGray,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLightGray,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchLightGray,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchGray:* (blockHexoriumHatchGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGray,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGray,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGray,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGray,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGray,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGray,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGray,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGray,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGray,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGray,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGray,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGray,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGray,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGray,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGray,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchGray,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchDarkGray:* (blockHexoriumHatchDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchDarkGray,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchDarkGray,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchDarkGray,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchDarkGray,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchDarkGray,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchDarkGray,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchDarkGray,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchDarkGray,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchDarkGray,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchDarkGray,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchDarkGray,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchDarkGray,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchDarkGray,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchDarkGray,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchDarkGray,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchDarkGray,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchBlack:* (blockHexoriumHatchBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlack,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlack,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlack,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlack,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlack,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlack,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlack,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlack,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlack,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlack,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlack,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlack,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlack,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlack,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlack,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchBlack,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchRainbow:* (blockHexoriumHatchRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRainbow,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRainbow,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRainbow,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRainbow,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRainbow,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRainbow,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRainbow,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRainbow,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRainbow,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRainbow,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRainbow,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRainbow,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRainbow,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRainbow,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRainbow,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchRainbow,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRed:* (blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRed,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRed,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRed,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRed,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRed,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRed,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRed,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRed,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRed,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRed,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRed,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRed,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRed,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRed,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRed,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRed,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchWhiteOrange:* (blockHexoriumHatchWhiteOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteOrange,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteOrange,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteOrange,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteOrange,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteOrange,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteOrange,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteOrange,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteOrange,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteOrange,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteOrange,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteOrange,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteOrange,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteOrange,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteOrange,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteOrange,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteOrange,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchWhiteYellow:* (blockHexoriumHatchWhiteYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteYellow,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteYellow,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteYellow,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteYellow,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteYellow,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteYellow,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteYellow,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteYellow,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteYellow,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteYellow,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteYellow,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteYellow,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteYellow,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteYellow,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteYellow,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteYellow,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLime:* (blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLime,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLime,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLime,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLime,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLime,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLime,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLime,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLime,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLime,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLime,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLime,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLime,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLime,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLime,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLime,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLime,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGreen:* (blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGreen,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGreen,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGreen,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGreen,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGreen,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGreen,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGreen,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGreen,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGreen,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGreen,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGreen,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGreen,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGreen,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGreen,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGreen,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGreen,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchWhiteTurquoise:* (blockHexoriumHatchWhiteTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteTurquoise,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteTurquoise,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteTurquoise,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteTurquoise,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteTurquoise,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteTurquoise,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteTurquoise,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteTurquoise,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteTurquoise,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteTurquoise,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteTurquoise,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteTurquoise,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteTurquoise,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteTurquoise,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteTurquoise,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteTurquoise,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchWhiteCyan:* (blockHexoriumHatchWhiteCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteCyan,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteCyan,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteCyan,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteCyan,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteCyan,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteCyan,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteCyan,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteCyan,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteCyan,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteCyan,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteCyan,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteCyan,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteCyan,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteCyan,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteCyan,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteCyan,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchWhiteSkyBlue:* (blockHexoriumHatchWhiteSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteSkyBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteSkyBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteSkyBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteSkyBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteSkyBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteSkyBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteSkyBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteSkyBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteSkyBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteSkyBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteSkyBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteSkyBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteSkyBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteSkyBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteSkyBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteSkyBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlue:* (blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlue,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlue,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlue,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlue,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlue,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlue,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlue,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlue,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlue,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlue,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlue,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlue,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlue,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlue,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlue,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlue,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchWhitePurple:* (blockHexoriumHatchWhitePurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePurple,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePurple,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePurple,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePurple,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePurple,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePurple,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePurple,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePurple,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePurple,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePurple,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePurple,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePurple,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePurple,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePurple,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePurple,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePurple,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchWhiteMagenta:* (blockHexoriumHatchWhiteMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteMagenta,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteMagenta,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteMagenta,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteMagenta,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteMagenta,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteMagenta,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteMagenta,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteMagenta,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteMagenta,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteMagenta,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteMagenta,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteMagenta,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteMagenta,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteMagenta,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteMagenta,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteMagenta,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchWhitePink:* (blockHexoriumHatchWhitePink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePink,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePink,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePink,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePink,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePink,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePink,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePink,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePink,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePink,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePink,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePink,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePink,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePink,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePink,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePink,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhitePink,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchWhiteWhite:* (blockHexoriumHatchWhiteWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteWhite,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteWhite,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteWhite,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteWhite,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteWhite,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteWhite,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteWhite,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteWhite,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteWhite,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteWhite,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteWhite,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteWhite,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteWhite,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteWhite,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteWhite,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteWhite,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLightGray:* (blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLightGray,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLightGray,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLightGray,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLightGray,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLightGray,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLightGray,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLightGray,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLightGray,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLightGray,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLightGray,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLightGray,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLightGray,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLightGray,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLightGray,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLightGray,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteLightGray,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGray:* (blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGray,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGray,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGray,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGray,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGray,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGray,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGray,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGray,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGray,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGray,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGray,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGray,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGray,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGray,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGray,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteGray,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchWhiteDarkGray:* (blockHexoriumHatchWhiteDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteDarkGray,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteDarkGray,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteDarkGray,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteDarkGray,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteDarkGray,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteDarkGray,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteDarkGray,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteDarkGray,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteDarkGray,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteDarkGray,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteDarkGray,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteDarkGray,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteDarkGray,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteDarkGray,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteDarkGray,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteDarkGray,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlack:* (blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlack,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlack,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlack,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlack,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlack,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlack,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlack,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlack,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlack,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlack,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlack,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlack,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlack,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlack,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlack,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteBlack,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRainbow:* (blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererHatch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumHatch
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRainbow,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRainbow,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite02,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRainbow,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite03,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRainbow,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite04,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRainbow,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRainbow,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRainbow,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRainbow,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite05,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatchWhite01
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRainbow,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRainbow,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch07,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRainbow,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch08,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRainbow,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch09,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRainbow,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRainbow,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRainbow,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face2-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10
block:id=%blockHexoriumHatchWhiteRainbow,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch10,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumHatch/blockHexoriumHatch06

# %blockHexoriumMachineBlock:* (blockHexoriumMachineBlock), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumMachineBlock
block:id=%blockHexoriumMachineBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1-5=12000:hexcraft/machineSide

# %blockAdvancedRainbowCore:* (blockAdvancedRainbowCore), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockAdvancedRainbowCore
block:id=%blockAdvancedRainbowCore,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockAdvancedRainbowCore

# %blockHexoriumGenerator:* (blockHexoriumGenerator), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumGenerator
block:id=%blockHexoriumGenerator,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator03,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator09,face3=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12
block:id=%blockHexoriumGenerator,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator04,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12,face4=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator09
block:id=%blockHexoriumGenerator,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator01,face2=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face3=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator09,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12
block:id=%blockHexoriumGenerator,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator02,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12,face4=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator09,face5=12000:hexcraft/machineBack
block:id=%blockHexoriumGenerator,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator07,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator10,face3=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12
block:id=%blockHexoriumGenerator,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator08,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12,face4=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator10
block:id=%blockHexoriumGenerator,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator05,face2=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face3=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator10,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12
block:id=%blockHexoriumGenerator,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator06,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12,face4=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator10,face5=12000:hexcraft/machineBack
block:id=%blockHexoriumGenerator,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator03,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator11,face3=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12
block:id=%blockHexoriumGenerator,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator04,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12,face4=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator11
block:id=%blockHexoriumGenerator,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator01,face2=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face3=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator11,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12
block:id=%blockHexoriumGenerator,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator02,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12,face4=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator11,face5=12000:hexcraft/machineBack
block:id=%blockHexoriumGenerator,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator03,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12,face3=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12
block:id=%blockHexoriumGenerator,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator04,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12,face4=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12
block:id=%blockHexoriumGenerator,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator01,face2=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face3-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12
block:id=%blockHexoriumGenerator,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator02,face2-4=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumGenerator/blockHexoriumGenerator12,face5=12000:hexcraft/machineBack

# %blockCrystalSeparator:* (blockCrystalSeparator), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockCrystalSeparator
block:id=%blockCrystalSeparator,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator03,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator09,face3=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12
block:id=%blockCrystalSeparator,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator04,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12,face4=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator09
block:id=%blockCrystalSeparator,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator01,face2=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face3=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator09,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12
block:id=%blockCrystalSeparator,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator02,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12,face4=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator09,face5=12000:hexcraft/machineBack
block:id=%blockCrystalSeparator,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator07,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator10,face3=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12
block:id=%blockCrystalSeparator,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator08,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12,face4=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator10
block:id=%blockCrystalSeparator,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator05,face2=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face3=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator10,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12
block:id=%blockCrystalSeparator,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator06,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12,face4=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator10,face5=12000:hexcraft/machineBack
block:id=%blockCrystalSeparator,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator03,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator11,face3=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12
block:id=%blockCrystalSeparator,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator04,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12,face4=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator11
block:id=%blockCrystalSeparator,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator01,face2=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face3=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator11,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12
block:id=%blockCrystalSeparator,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator02,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12,face4=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator11,face5=12000:hexcraft/machineBack
block:id=%blockCrystalSeparator,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator03,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12,face3=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12
block:id=%blockCrystalSeparator,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator04,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12,face4=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12
block:id=%blockCrystalSeparator,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator01,face2=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face3-5=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12
block:id=%blockCrystalSeparator,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator02,face2-4=12000:hexcraft/blockCrystalSeparator/blockCrystalSeparator12,face5=12000:hexcraft/machineBack

# %blockMatrixReconstructor:* (blockMatrixReconstructor), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockMatrixReconstructor
block:id=%blockMatrixReconstructor,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor03,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor09,face3=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12
block:id=%blockMatrixReconstructor,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor04,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12,face4=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor09
block:id=%blockMatrixReconstructor,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor01,face2=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face3=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor09,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12
block:id=%blockMatrixReconstructor,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor02,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12,face4=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor09,face5=12000:hexcraft/machineBack
block:id=%blockMatrixReconstructor,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor07,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor10,face3=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12
block:id=%blockMatrixReconstructor,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor08,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12,face4=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor10
block:id=%blockMatrixReconstructor,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor05,face2=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face3=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor10,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12
block:id=%blockMatrixReconstructor,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor06,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12,face4=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor10,face5=12000:hexcraft/machineBack
block:id=%blockMatrixReconstructor,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor03,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor11,face3=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12
block:id=%blockMatrixReconstructor,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor04,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12,face4=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor11
block:id=%blockMatrixReconstructor,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor01,face2=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face3=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor11,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12
block:id=%blockMatrixReconstructor,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor02,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12,face4=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor11,face5=12000:hexcraft/machineBack
block:id=%blockMatrixReconstructor,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor03,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12,face3=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12
block:id=%blockMatrixReconstructor,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor04,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12,face4=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12
block:id=%blockMatrixReconstructor,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor01,face2=12000:hexcraft/machineBack,face3-5=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12
block:id=%blockMatrixReconstructor,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/machineBottom,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor02,face2-4=12000:hexcraft/blockMatrixReconstructor/blockMatrixReconstructor12,face5=12000:hexcraft/machineBack

# %blockQuantumObserver:* (blockQuantumObserver), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockQuantumObserver
block:id=%blockQuantumObserver,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver05,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver01,face2-5=12000:hexcraft/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver03
block:id=%blockQuantumObserver,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver05,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver01,face2-5=12000:hexcraft/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver04
block:id=%blockQuantumObserver,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver05,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver02,face2-5=12000:hexcraft/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver03
block:id=%blockQuantumObserver,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver05,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver01,face2-5=12000:hexcraft/blockQuantumObserver/blockQuantumObserver03

# %blockQuantumAnchor:* (blockQuantumAnchor), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockQuantumAnchor
block:id=%blockQuantumAnchor,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=12000:hexcraft/blockQuantumAnchor/blockQuantumAnchor01,face2-5=12000:hexcraft/blockQuantumAnchor/blockQuantumAnchor02

# %blockTankValve:* (blockTankValve), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockTankValve
block:id=%blockTankValve,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-3=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve03,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve01
block:id=%blockTankValve,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-3=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve03,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve02
block:id=%blockTankValve,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve04,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve01,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve03
block:id=%blockTankValve,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve04,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve02,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve03
block:id=%blockTankValve,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-3=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve03,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve01
block:id=%blockTankValve,data=10,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-3=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve03,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve02
block:id=%blockTankValve,data=12,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve04,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve01,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve03
block:id=%blockTankValve,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve04,face2-3=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve02,face4-5=12000:hexcraft/blockTankValve/blockTankValve03

# %blockTankRender:* (blockTankRender), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexMultiRendererTank(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockTankRender
block:id=%blockTankRender,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockTankRender

# %blockEnergyNodeCoreT1:* (blockEnergyNodeCoreT1), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergyNodeCore
block:id=%blockEnergyNodeCoreT1,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEnergyNodeCoreT1

# %blockEnergyNodeCoreT2:* (blockEnergyNodeCoreT2), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergyNodeCore
block:id=%blockEnergyNodeCoreT2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEnergyNodeCoreT2

# %blockEnergyNodeCoreT3:* (blockEnergyNodeCoreT3), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergyNodeCore
block:id=%blockEnergyNodeCoreT3,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEnergyNodeCoreT3

# %blockEnergyNodeCoreT4:* (blockEnergyNodeCoreT4), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergyNodeCore
block:id=%blockEnergyNodeCoreT4,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEnergyNodeCoreT4

# %blockConversionComputerBasic:* (blockConversionComputerBasic), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConversionComputer
block:id=%blockConversionComputerBasic,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerBasic01
block:id=%blockConversionComputerBasic,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerBasic02
block:id=%blockConversionComputerBasic,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerBasic01
block:id=%blockConversionComputerBasic,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerBasic02
block:id=%blockConversionComputerBasic,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerBasic01
block:id=%blockConversionComputerBasic,data=10,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerBasic02
block:id=%blockConversionComputerBasic,data=12,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerBasic01
block:id=%blockConversionComputerBasic,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerBasic02

# %blockConversionComputerAdvanced:* (blockConversionComputerAdvanced), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockConversionComputer
block:id=%blockConversionComputerAdvanced,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerAdvanced01
block:id=%blockConversionComputerAdvanced,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerAdvanced02
block:id=%blockConversionComputerAdvanced,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerAdvanced01
block:id=%blockConversionComputerAdvanced,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerAdvanced02
block:id=%blockConversionComputerAdvanced,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerAdvanced01
block:id=%blockConversionComputerAdvanced,data=10,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerAdvanced02
block:id=%blockConversionComputerAdvanced,data=12,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerAdvanced01
block:id=%blockConversionComputerAdvanced,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockConversionComputer/blockConversionComputerAdvanced02

# %blockEnergyNodePortHEX:* (blockEnergyNodePortHEX), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergyNodePortHEX
block:id=%blockEnergyNodePortHEX,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEnergyNodePortHEX/blockEnergyNodePortHEX01
block:id=%blockEnergyNodePortHEX,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEnergyNodePortHEX/blockEnergyNodePortHEX02
block:id=%blockEnergyNodePortHEX,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEnergyNodePortHEX/blockEnergyNodePortHEX01
block:id=%blockEnergyNodePortHEX,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEnergyNodePortHEX/blockEnergyNodePortHEX03
block:id=%blockEnergyNodePortHEX,data=8,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEnergyNodePortHEX/blockEnergyNodePortHEX01
block:id=%blockEnergyNodePortHEX,data=10,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEnergyNodePortHEX/blockEnergyNodePortHEX04
block:id=%blockEnergyNodePortHEX,data=12,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEnergyNodePortHEX/blockEnergyNodePortHEX01
block:id=%blockEnergyNodePortHEX,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockEnergyNodePortHEX/blockEnergyNodePortHEX05

# %blockHexoriumCableRed:* (blockHexoriumCableRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererCable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCable
block:id=%blockHexoriumCableRed,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCable

# %blockHexoriumCableOrange:* (blockHexoriumCableOrange), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererCable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCable
block:id=%blockHexoriumCableOrange,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCable

# %blockHexoriumCableYellow:* (blockHexoriumCableYellow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererCable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCable
block:id=%blockHexoriumCableYellow,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCable

# %blockHexoriumCableLime:* (blockHexoriumCableLime), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererCable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCable
block:id=%blockHexoriumCableLime,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCable

# %blockHexoriumCableGreen:* (blockHexoriumCableGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererCable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCable
block:id=%blockHexoriumCableGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCable

# %blockHexoriumCableTurquoise:* (blockHexoriumCableTurquoise), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererCable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCable
block:id=%blockHexoriumCableTurquoise,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCable

# %blockHexoriumCableCyan:* (blockHexoriumCableCyan), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererCable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCable
block:id=%blockHexoriumCableCyan,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCable

# %blockHexoriumCableSkyBlue:* (blockHexoriumCableSkyBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererCable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCable
block:id=%blockHexoriumCableSkyBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCable

# %blockHexoriumCableBlue:* (blockHexoriumCableBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererCable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCable
block:id=%blockHexoriumCableBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCable

# %blockHexoriumCablePurple:* (blockHexoriumCablePurple), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererCable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCable
block:id=%blockHexoriumCablePurple,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCable

# %blockHexoriumCableMagenta:* (blockHexoriumCableMagenta), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererCable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCable
block:id=%blockHexoriumCableMagenta,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCable

# %blockHexoriumCablePink:* (blockHexoriumCablePink), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererCable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCable
block:id=%blockHexoriumCablePink,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCable

# %blockHexoriumCableWhite:* (blockHexoriumCableWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererCable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCable
block:id=%blockHexoriumCableWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCable

# %blockHexoriumCableLightGray:* (blockHexoriumCableLightGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererCable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCable
block:id=%blockHexoriumCableLightGray,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCable

# %blockHexoriumCableGray:* (blockHexoriumCableGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererCable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCable
block:id=%blockHexoriumCableGray,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCable

# %blockHexoriumCableDarkGray:* (blockHexoriumCableDarkGray), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererCable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCable
block:id=%blockHexoriumCableDarkGray,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCable

# %blockHexoriumCableBlack:* (blockHexoriumCableBlack), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererCable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCable
block:id=%blockHexoriumCableBlack,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCable

# %blockHexoriumCableRainbow:* (blockHexoriumCableRainbow), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererCable(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCable
block:id=%blockHexoriumCableRainbow,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCable

# %blockEnergyPylon:* (blockEnergyPylon), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererPylon(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockEnergyPylon
block:id=%blockEnergyPylon,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockEnergyPylonA

# %blockHexoriumSwitchRedGreen:* (blockHexoriumSwitchRedGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererSwitchButton(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumSwitch
block:id=%blockHexoriumSwitchRedGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumSwitch

# %blockHexoriumSwitchRedBlue:* (blockHexoriumSwitchRedBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererSwitchButton(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumSwitch
block:id=%blockHexoriumSwitchRedBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumSwitch

# %blockHexoriumSwitchRedWhite:* (blockHexoriumSwitchRedWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererSwitchButton(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumSwitch
block:id=%blockHexoriumSwitchRedWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumSwitch

# %blockHexoriumSwitchBlueGreen:* (blockHexoriumSwitchBlueGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererSwitchButton(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumSwitch
block:id=%blockHexoriumSwitchBlueGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumSwitch

# %blockHexoriumSwitchWhiteRedGreen:* (blockHexoriumSwitchWhiteRedGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererSwitchButton(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumSwitch
block:id=%blockHexoriumSwitchWhiteRedGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumSwitchWhite

# %blockHexoriumSwitchWhiteRedBlue:* (blockHexoriumSwitchWhiteRedBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererSwitchButton(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumSwitch
block:id=%blockHexoriumSwitchWhiteRedBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumSwitchWhite

# %blockHexoriumSwitchWhiteRedWhite:* (blockHexoriumSwitchWhiteRedWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererSwitchButton(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumSwitch
block:id=%blockHexoriumSwitchWhiteRedWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumSwitchWhite

# %blockHexoriumSwitchWhiteBlueGreen:* (blockHexoriumSwitchWhiteBlueGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererSwitchButton(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumSwitch
block:id=%blockHexoriumSwitchWhiteBlueGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumSwitchWhite

# %blockHexoriumButtonRed:* (blockHexoriumButtonRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererSwitchButton(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumButton
block:id=%blockHexoriumButtonRed,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumButton

# %blockHexoriumButtonGreen:* (blockHexoriumButtonGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererSwitchButton(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumButton
block:id=%blockHexoriumButtonGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumButton

# %blockHexoriumButtonBlue:* (blockHexoriumButtonBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererSwitchButton(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumButton
block:id=%blockHexoriumButtonBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumButton

# %blockHexoriumButtonWhite:* (blockHexoriumButtonWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererSwitchButton(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumButton
block:id=%blockHexoriumButtonWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumButton

# %blockHexoriumButtonWhiteRed:* (blockHexoriumButtonWhiteRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererSwitchButton(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumButton
block:id=%blockHexoriumButtonWhiteRed,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumButtonWhite

# %blockHexoriumButtonWhiteGreen:* (blockHexoriumButtonWhiteGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererSwitchButton(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumButton
block:id=%blockHexoriumButtonWhiteGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumButtonWhite

# %blockHexoriumButtonWhiteBlue:* (blockHexoriumButtonWhiteBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererSwitchButton(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumButton
block:id=%blockHexoriumButtonWhiteBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumButtonWhite

# %blockHexoriumButtonWhiteWhite:* (blockHexoriumButtonWhiteWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererSwitchButton(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumButton
block:id=%blockHexoriumButtonWhiteWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumButtonWhite

# %blockHexoriumPressurePlateRed:* (blockHexoriumPressurePlateRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererPressurePlate(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumPressurePlate
block:id=%blockHexoriumPressurePlateRed,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumPressurePlate

# %blockHexoriumPressurePlateGreen:* (blockHexoriumPressurePlateGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererPressurePlate(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumPressurePlate
block:id=%blockHexoriumPressurePlateGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumPressurePlate

# %blockHexoriumPressurePlateBlue:* (blockHexoriumPressurePlateBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererPressurePlate(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumPressurePlate
block:id=%blockHexoriumPressurePlateBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumPressurePlate

# %blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhite:* (blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererPressurePlate(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumPressurePlate
block:id=%blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumPressurePlate

# %blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhiteRed:* (blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhiteRed), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererPressurePlate(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumPressurePlate
block:id=%blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhiteRed,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhite

# %blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhiteGreen:* (blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhiteGreen), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererPressurePlate(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumPressurePlate
block:id=%blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhiteGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhite

# %blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhiteBlue:* (blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhiteBlue), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererPressurePlate(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumPressurePlate
block:id=%blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhiteBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhite

# %blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhiteWhite:* (blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhiteWhite), render=com.celestek.hexcraft.client.renderer.HexModelRendererPressurePlate(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumPressurePlate
block:id=%blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhiteWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockHexoriumPressurePlateWhite

# %blockTemperedHexoriumGlass:* (blockTemperedHexoriumGlass), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockTemperedHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockTemperedHexoriumGlass,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockTemperedHexoriumGlass/blockTemperedHexoriumGlass01

# %blockTemperedHexoriumGlassWhite:* (blockTemperedHexoriumGlassWhite), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockTemperedHexoriumGlass
block:id=%blockTemperedHexoriumGlassWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockTemperedHexoriumGlass/blockTemperedHexoriumGlassWhite01

# %blockHexoriumCoatedStone:* (blockHexoriumCoatedStone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneReinforced
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneReinforced
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneReinforced
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStone,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStone,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneReinforced
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStone,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStone,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneReinforced
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStone,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStone,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneReinforced
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStone,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStone,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneReinforced
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStone,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStone,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneReinforced

# %blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite:* (blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockHexoriumCoatedStone
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneReinforced
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneReinforced
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneReinforced
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneReinforced
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneReinforced
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneReinforced
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneReinforced
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite
block:id=%blockHexoriumCoatedStoneWhite,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:hexcraft/blockHexoriumCoatedStoneReinforced

# %blockPylonBase51:* (blockPylonBase51), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPylonBase
block:id=%blockPylonBase51,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face1-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA
block:id=%blockPylonBase51,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face1=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA
block:id=%blockPylonBase51,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face2=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face3-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA
block:id=%blockPylonBase51,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face3=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA
block:id=%blockPylonBase51,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face4=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA
block:id=%blockPylonBase51,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB
block:id=%blockPylonBase51,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA
block:id=%blockPylonBase51,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face1-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA
block:id=%blockPylonBase51,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face1=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA
block:id=%blockPylonBase51,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face2=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face3-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA
block:id=%blockPylonBase51,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face3=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA
block:id=%blockPylonBase51,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face4=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA
block:id=%blockPylonBase51,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB
block:id=%blockPylonBase51,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA

# %blockPylonBase15:* (blockPylonBase15), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockPylonBase
block:id=%blockPylonBase15,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face1-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB
block:id=%blockPylonBase15,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face1=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB
block:id=%blockPylonBase15,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face2=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face3-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB
block:id=%blockPylonBase15,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face3=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB
block:id=%blockPylonBase15,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face4=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB
block:id=%blockPylonBase15,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA
block:id=%blockPylonBase15,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB
block:id=%blockPylonBase15,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face1-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB
block:id=%blockPylonBase15,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face1=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face2-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB
block:id=%blockPylonBase15,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face2=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face3-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB
block:id=%blockPylonBase15,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face3=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face4-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB
block:id=%blockPylonBase15,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face4=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA,face5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB
block:id=%blockPylonBase15,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-4=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB,face5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseA
block:id=%blockPylonBase15,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:hexcraft/blockPylonBaseB

# %blockSoundProjector:* (blockSoundProjector), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.celestek.hexcraft.block.BlockSoundProjector
block:id=%blockSoundProjector,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector05,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector07,face2-5=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector01
block:id=%blockSoundProjector,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector07,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector05,face2-5=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector03
block:id=%blockSoundProjector,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector03,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector05,face3=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector07,face4=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector02,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector04
block:id=%blockSoundProjector,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector01,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector07,face3=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector05,face4=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector04,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector02
block:id=%blockSoundProjector,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector02,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector04,face3=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector02,face4=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector05,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector07
block:id=%blockSoundProjector,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector04,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector02,face3=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector04,face4=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector07,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector05
block:id=%blockSoundProjector,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector01,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector02,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector03,face3=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector04,face4=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector05,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector06
block:id=%blockSoundProjector,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector06,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector07,face2-5=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector01
block:id=%blockSoundProjector,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector07,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector06,face2-5=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector03
block:id=%blockSoundProjector,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector03,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector06,face3=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector07,face4=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector02,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector04
block:id=%blockSoundProjector,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-1=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector01,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector07,face3=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector06,face4=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector04,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector02
block:id=%blockSoundProjector,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector02,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector04,face3=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector02,face4=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector06,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector07
block:id=%blockSoundProjector,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector04,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector02,face3=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector04,face4=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector07,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector06
block:id=%blockSoundProjector,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector01,face1=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector02,face2=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector03,face3=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector04,face4=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector05,face5=12000:hexcraft/blockSoundProjector/blockSoundProjector06
