# legends 6.13
version:1.7
modname:legends



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/legends/textures/blocks/
texture:id=horror/blank,filename=assets/horror/textures/blocks/blank.png
texture:id=kaiju/blank,filename=assets/kaiju/textures/blocks/blank.png
texture:id=kaiju/trophies/skull_tile,filename=assets/kaiju/textures/blocks/trophies/skull_tile.png
texture:id=legends/batpole,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/batpole.png
texture:id=legends/bauxiteore,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/bauxiteore.png
texture:id=legends/blackironblock,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/blackironblock.png
texture:id=legends/blackironore,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/blackironore.png
texture:id=legends/blank,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/blank.png
texture:id=legends/blue_lantern,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/blue_lantern.png
texture:id=legends/bronzeblock,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/bronzeblock.png
texture:id=legends/cable,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/cable.png
texture:id=legends/cassiteriteore,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/cassiteriteore.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_black,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_black.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_blue,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_blue.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_brown,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_brown.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_cyan,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_cyan.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_gray,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_gray.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_green,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_green.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_light_blue,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_light_blue.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_light_gray,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_light_gray.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_lime,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_lime.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_magenta,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_magenta.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_orange,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_orange.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_pink,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_pink.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_powder_black,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_powder_black.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_powder_blue,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_powder_blue.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_powder_brown,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_powder_brown.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_powder_cyan,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_powder_cyan.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_powder_gray,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_powder_gray.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_powder_green,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_powder_green.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_powder_light_blue,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_powder_light_blue.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_powder_light_gray,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_powder_light_gray.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_powder_lime,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_powder_lime.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_powder_magenta,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_powder_magenta.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_powder_orange,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_powder_orange.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_powder_pink,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_powder_pink.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_powder_purple,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_powder_purple.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_powder_red,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_powder_red.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_powder_white,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_powder_white.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_powder_yellow,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_powder_yellow.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_purple,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_purple.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_red,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_red.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_silver,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_silver.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_white,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_white.png
texture:id=legends/concrete_yellow,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/concrete_yellow.png
texture:id=legends/copperore,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/copperore.png
texture:id=legends/crystal,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/crystal.png
texture:id=legends/diode_front,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/diode_front.png
texture:id=legends/diode_front_off,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/diode_front_off.png
texture:id=legends/diode_top,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/diode_top.png
texture:id=legends/door_acacia_lower,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_acacia_lower.png
texture:id=legends/door_acacia_upper,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_acacia_upper.png
texture:id=legends/door_birch_lower,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_birch_lower.png
texture:id=legends/door_birch_upper,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_birch_upper.png
texture:id=legends/door_bookshelf_lower,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_bookshelf_lower.png
texture:id=legends/door_bookshelf_upper,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_bookshelf_upper.png
texture:id=legends/door_cobblestone_lower,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_cobblestone_lower.png
texture:id=legends/door_cobblestone_upper,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_cobblestone_upper.png
texture:id=legends/door_dark_oak_lower,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_dark_oak_lower.png
texture:id=legends/door_dark_oak_upper,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_dark_oak_upper.png
texture:id=legends/door_glass_lower,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_glass_lower.png
texture:id=legends/door_glass_upper,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_glass_upper.png
texture:id=legends/door_iron_lower,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_iron_lower.png
texture:id=legends/door_iron_upper,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_iron_upper.png
texture:id=legends/door_jungle_lower,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_jungle_lower.png
texture:id=legends/door_jungle_upper,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_jungle_upper.png
texture:id=legends/door_oak_lower,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_oak_lower.png
texture:id=legends/door_oak_upper,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_oak_upper.png
texture:id=legends/door_spruce_lower,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_spruce_lower.png
texture:id=legends/door_spruce_upper,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_spruce_upper.png
texture:id=legends/door_stained_glass_lower,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_stained_glass_lower.png
texture:id=legends/door_stained_glass_upper,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_stained_glass_upper.png
texture:id=legends/door_stone_lower,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_stone_lower.png
texture:id=legends/door_stone_upper,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/door_stone_upper.png
texture:id=legends/fence_acacia,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/fence_acacia.png
texture:id=legends/fence_big_oak,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/fence_big_oak.png
texture:id=legends/fence_birch,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/fence_birch.png
texture:id=legends/fence_jungle,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/fence_jungle.png
texture:id=legends/fence_spruce,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/fence_spruce.png
texture:id=legends/galactic/frozen_stone,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/galactic/frozen_stone.png
texture:id=legends/galactic/mars_rock,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/galactic/mars_rock.png
texture:id=legends/galactic/martian_relic,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/galactic/martian_relic.png
texture:id=legends/green_lantern,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/green_lantern.png
texture:id=legends/heromaker_tile,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/heromaker_tile.png
texture:id=legends/invisible,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/invisible.png
texture:id=legends/lightningblock,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/lightningblock.png
texture:id=legends/lightningblockblue,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/lightningblockblue.png
texture:id=legends/lightningblockred,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/lightningblockred.png
texture:id=legends/lightningore,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/lightningore.png
texture:id=legends/limoniteore,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/limoniteore.png
texture:id=legends/magma,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/magma.png
texture:id=legends/magnesiteore,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/magnesiteore.png
texture:id=legends/microscope_tile,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/microscope_tile.png
texture:id=legends/mob_spawner,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/mob_spawner.png
texture:id=legends/nether_wart_block,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/nether_wart_block.png
texture:id=legends/orange_lantern,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/orange_lantern.png
texture:id=legends/platinumore,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/platinumore.png
texture:id=legends/prismarine_bricks,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/prismarine_bricks.png
texture:id=legends/prismarine_dark,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/prismarine_dark.png
texture:id=legends/prismarine_rough,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/prismarine_rough.png
texture:id=legends/red_lantern,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/red_lantern.png
texture:id=legends/red_nether_brick,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/red_nether_brick.png
texture:id=legends/red_sandstone,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/red_sandstone.png
texture:id=legends/red_sandstone_bottom,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/red_sandstone_bottom.png
texture:id=legends/red_sandstone_carved,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/red_sandstone_carved.png
texture:id=legends/red_sandstone_smooth,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/red_sandstone_smooth.png
texture:id=legends/red_sandstone_top,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/red_sandstone_top.png
texture:id=legends/reddiamondblock,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/reddiamondblock.png
texture:id=legends/reddiamondore,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/reddiamondore.png
texture:id=legends/redironblock,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/redironblock.png
texture:id=legends/redironore,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/redironore.png
texture:id=legends/rubyore,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/rubyore.png
texture:id=legends/sapphireore,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/sapphireore.png
texture:id=legends/sea_lantern,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/sea_lantern.png
texture:id=legends/security_block,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/security_block.png
texture:id=legends/siliconore,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/siliconore.png
texture:id=legends/sphaleriteore,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/sphaleriteore.png
texture:id=legends/stone_andesite,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/stone_andesite.png
texture:id=legends/stone_andesite_smooth,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/stone_andesite_smooth.png
texture:id=legends/stone_diorite,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/stone_diorite.png
texture:id=legends/stone_diorite_smooth,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/stone_diorite_smooth.png
texture:id=legends/stone_granite,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/stone_granite.png
texture:id=legends/stone_granite_smooth,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/stone_granite_smooth.png
texture:id=legends/stone_red_sand,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/stone_red_sand.png
texture:id=legends/stone_red_sand_smooth,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/stone_red_sand_smooth.png
texture:id=legends/titaniumore,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/titaniumore.png
texture:id=legends/tungstenore,filename=assets/legends/textures/blocks/tungstenore.png
texture:id=minecraft/ice,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/ice.png
texture:id=minecraft/web,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/web.png
texture:id=starwars/blank,filename=assets/starwars/textures/blocks/blank.png
texture:id=starwars/blank_tile,filename=assets/starwars/textures/blocks/blank_tile.png
texture:id=starwars/jediarchives,filename=assets/starwars/textures/blocks/jediarchives.png
texture:id=starwars/saberbench_tile,filename=assets/starwars/textures/blocks/saberbench_tile.png
texture:id=starwars/sitharchives,filename=assets/starwars/textures/blocks/sitharchives.png
texture:id=sum/batcomputer_tile,filename=assets/sum/textures/blocks/batcomputer_tile.png
texture:id=sum/blank,filename=assets/sum/textures/blocks/blank.png
texture:id=sum/gammablock,filename=assets/sum/textures/blocks/gammablock.png
texture:id=sum/heromaker_tile,filename=assets/sum/textures/blocks/heromaker_tile.png
texture:id=sum/kryptoniteore,filename=assets/sum/textures/blocks/kryptoniteore.png
texture:id=sum/palladiumore,filename=assets/sum/textures/blocks/palladiumore.png
texture:id=sum/vibraniumore,filename=assets/sum/textures/blocks/vibraniumore.png



# %granite:* (granite), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockGranite
block:id=%granite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/stone_granite

# %graniteSmooth:* (graniteSmooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockGranitePolished
block:id=%graniteSmooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/stone_granite_smooth

# %diorite:* (diorite), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockDiorite
block:id=%diorite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/stone_diorite

# %dioriteSmooth:* (dioriteSmooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockDioritePolished
block:id=%dioriteSmooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/stone_diorite_smooth

# %andesite:* (andesite), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockAndesite
block:id=%andesite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/stone_andesite

# %andesiteSmooth:* (andesiteSmooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockAndesitePolished
block:id=%andesiteSmooth,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/stone_andesite_smooth

# %prismarine:* (prismarine), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockPrismarine
block:id=%prismarine,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/prismarine_rough

# %prismarineBricks:* (prismarineBricks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockPrismarineBricks
block:id=%prismarineBricks,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/prismarine_bricks

# %prismarineDark:* (prismarineDark), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockPrismarineDark
block:id=%prismarineDark,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/prismarine_dark

# %seaLantern:* (seaLantern), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockSeaLantern
block:id=%seaLantern,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/sea_lantern

# %fenceSpruce:* (fenceSpruce), render=(FENCE), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockLegendsFence
block:id=%fenceSpruce,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:legends/fence_spruce

# %fenceBirch:* (fenceBirch), render=(FENCE), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockLegendsFence
block:id=%fenceBirch,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:legends/fence_birch

# %fenceJungle:* (fenceJungle), render=(FENCE), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockLegendsFence
block:id=%fenceJungle,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:legends/fence_jungle

# %fenceAcacia:* (fenceAcacia), render=(FENCE), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockLegendsFence
block:id=%fenceAcacia,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:legends/fence_acacia

# %fenceDarkOak:* (fenceDarkOak), render=(FENCE), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockLegendsFence
block:id=%fenceDarkOak,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:legends/fence_big_oak

# %concrete:* (concrete), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcrete
block:id=%concrete,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_white
block:id=%concrete,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_orange
block:id=%concrete,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_magenta
block:id=%concrete,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_light_blue
block:id=%concrete,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_yellow
block:id=%concrete,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_lime
block:id=%concrete,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_pink
block:id=%concrete,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_gray
block:id=%concrete,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_light_gray
block:id=%concrete,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_cyan
block:id=%concrete,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_purple
block:id=%concrete,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_blue
block:id=%concrete,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_brown
block:id=%concrete,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_green
block:id=%concrete,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_red
block:id=%concrete,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_black

# %concretePowder:* (concretePowder), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcretePowder
block:id=%concretePowder,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_powder_white
block:id=%concretePowder,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_powder_orange
block:id=%concretePowder,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_powder_magenta
block:id=%concretePowder,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_powder_light_blue
block:id=%concretePowder,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_powder_yellow
block:id=%concretePowder,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_powder_lime
block:id=%concretePowder,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_powder_pink
block:id=%concretePowder,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_powder_gray
block:id=%concretePowder,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_powder_light_gray
block:id=%concretePowder,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_powder_cyan
block:id=%concretePowder,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_powder_purple
block:id=%concretePowder,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_powder_blue
block:id=%concretePowder,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_powder_brown
block:id=%concretePowder,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_powder_green
block:id=%concretePowder,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_powder_red
block:id=%concretePowder,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_powder_black

# %concreteSlab:* (concreteSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteSlab
block:id=%concreteSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_white
block:id=%concreteSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_orange
block:id=%concreteSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_magenta
block:id=%concreteSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_light_blue
block:id=%concreteSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_yellow
block:id=%concreteSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_lime
block:id=%concreteSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_pink
block:id=%concreteSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_gray
block:id=%concreteSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_white
block:id=%concreteSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_orange
block:id=%concreteSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_magenta
block:id=%concreteSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_light_blue
block:id=%concreteSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_yellow
block:id=%concreteSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_lime
block:id=%concreteSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_pink
block:id=%concreteSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_gray

# %concreteSlabDouble:* (concreteSlabDouble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteSlab
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_white
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_orange
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_magenta
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_light_blue
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_yellow
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_lime
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_pink
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_gray
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_white
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_orange
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_magenta
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_light_blue
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_yellow
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_lime
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_pink
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_gray

# %concreteSlab2:* (concreteSlab2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteSlab2
block:id=%concreteSlab2,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_light_gray
block:id=%concreteSlab2,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_cyan
block:id=%concreteSlab2,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_purple
block:id=%concreteSlab2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_blue
block:id=%concreteSlab2,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_brown
block:id=%concreteSlab2,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_green
block:id=%concreteSlab2,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_red
block:id=%concreteSlab2,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_black
block:id=%concreteSlab2,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_light_gray
block:id=%concreteSlab2,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_cyan
block:id=%concreteSlab2,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_purple
block:id=%concreteSlab2,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_blue
block:id=%concreteSlab2,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_brown
block:id=%concreteSlab2,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_green
block:id=%concreteSlab2,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_red
block:id=%concreteSlab2,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_black

# %concreteSlabDouble2:* (concreteSlabDouble2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteSlab2
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_light_gray
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_cyan
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_purple
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_blue
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble2,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_brown
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble2,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_green
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble2,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_red
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble2,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_black
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble2,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_light_gray
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble2,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_cyan
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble2,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_purple
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble2,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_blue
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble2,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_brown
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble2,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_green
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble2,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_red
block:id=%concreteSlabDouble2,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_black

# %concreteStairsWhite:* (concreteStairsWhite), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteStairs
block:id=%concreteStairsWhite,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_white

# %concreteStairsOrange:* (concreteStairsOrange), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteStairs
block:id=%concreteStairsOrange,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_orange

# %concreteStairsMagenta:* (concreteStairsMagenta), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteStairs
block:id=%concreteStairsMagenta,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_magenta

# %concreteStairsLightBlue:* (concreteStairsLightBlue), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteStairs
block:id=%concreteStairsLightBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_light_blue

# %concreteStairsYellow:* (concreteStairsYellow), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteStairs
block:id=%concreteStairsYellow,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_yellow

# %concreteStairsLime:* (concreteStairsLime), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteStairs
block:id=%concreteStairsLime,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_lime

# %concreteStairsPink:* (concreteStairsPink), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteStairs
block:id=%concreteStairsPink,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_pink

# %concreteStairsGray:* (concreteStairsGray), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteStairs
block:id=%concreteStairsGray,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_gray

# %concreteStairsLightGray:* (concreteStairsLightGray), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteStairs
block:id=%concreteStairsLightGray,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_light_gray

# %concreteStairsCyan:* (concreteStairsCyan), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteStairs
block:id=%concreteStairsCyan,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_cyan

# %concreteStairsPurple:* (concreteStairsPurple), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteStairs
block:id=%concreteStairsPurple,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_purple

# %concreteStairsBlue:* (concreteStairsBlue), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteStairs
block:id=%concreteStairsBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_blue

# %concreteStairsBrown:* (concreteStairsBrown), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteStairs
block:id=%concreteStairsBrown,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_brown

# %concreteStairsGreen:* (concreteStairsGreen), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteStairs
block:id=%concreteStairsGreen,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_green

# %concreteStairsRed:* (concreteStairsRed), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteStairs
block:id=%concreteStairsRed,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_red

# %concreteStairsBlack:* (concreteStairsBlack), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockConcreteStairs
block:id=%concreteStairsBlack,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_black

# %doorOak:* (doorOak), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockDoorOak
block:id=%doorOak,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:legends/door_oak_upper,patch1=0:legends/door_oak_lower

# %doorSpruce:* (doorSpruce), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockDoorSpruce
block:id=%doorSpruce,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:legends/door_spruce_upper,patch1=0:legends/door_spruce_lower

# %doorBirch:* (doorBirch), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockDoorBirch
block:id=%doorBirch,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:legends/door_birch_upper,patch1=0:legends/door_birch_lower

# %doorJungle:* (doorJungle), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockDoorJungle
block:id=%doorJungle,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:legends/door_jungle_upper,patch1=0:legends/door_jungle_lower

# %doorAcacia:* (doorAcacia), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockDoorAcacia
block:id=%doorAcacia,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:legends/door_acacia_upper,patch1=0:legends/door_acacia_lower

# %doorDarkOak:* (doorDarkOak), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockDoorDarkOak
block:id=%doorDarkOak,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:legends/door_dark_oak_upper,patch1=0:legends/door_dark_oak_lower

# %doorMetal:* (doorMetal), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockDoorMetal
block:id=%doorMetal,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:legends/door_iron_upper,patch1=0:legends/door_iron_lower

# %doorStone:* (doorStone), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockDoorStone
block:id=%doorStone,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:legends/door_stone_upper,patch1=0:legends/door_stone_lower

# %doorCobblestone:* (doorCobblestone), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockDoorCobbleStone
block:id=%doorCobblestone,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:legends/door_cobblestone_upper,patch1=0:legends/door_cobblestone_lower

# %doorGlass:* (doorGlass), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockDoorGlass
block:id=%doorGlass,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:legends/door_glass_upper,patch1=0:legends/door_glass_lower

# %doorStainedGlass:* (doorStainedGlass), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockDoorStainedGlass
block:id=%doorStainedGlass,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:legends/door_stained_glass_upper,patch1=0:legends/door_stained_glass_lower

# %doorBookshelf:* (doorBookshelf), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockDoorBookshelf
block:id=%doorBookshelf,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:legends/door_bookshelf_upper,patch1=0:legends/door_bookshelf_lower

# %magma:* (magma), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockMagma
block:id=%magma,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/magma

# %wartBlock:* (wartBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockNetherWartBlock
block:id=%wartBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/nether_wart_block

# %redNetherBrick:* (redNetherBrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockRedNetherBrick
block:id=%redNetherBrick,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/red_nether_brick

# %blackIronOre:* (blackIronOre), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockBlackIronOre
block:id=%blackIronOre,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blackironore

# %blackIronBlock:* (blackIronBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockBlackIron
block:id=%blackIronBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blackironblock

# %redIronOre:* (redIronOre), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockRedIronOre
block:id=%redIronOre,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/redironore

# %redIronBlock:* (redIronBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockRedIron
block:id=%redIronBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/redironblock

# %titaniumOre:* (titaniumOre), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockTitaniumOre
block:id=%titaniumOre,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/titaniumore

# %platinumOre:* (platinumOre), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockPlatinumOre
block:id=%platinumOre,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/platinumore

# %bauxiteOre:* (bauxiteOre), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockBauxiteOre
block:id=%bauxiteOre,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/bauxiteore

# %copperOre:* (copperOre), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockCopperOre
block:id=%copperOre,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/copperore

# %sphaleriteOre:* (sphaleriteOre), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockSphaleriteOre
block:id=%sphaleriteOre,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/sphaleriteore

# %cassiteriteOre:* (cassiteriteOre), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockCassiteriteOre
block:id=%cassiteriteOre,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/cassiteriteore

# %tungstenOre:* (tungstenOre), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockTungstenOre
block:id=%tungstenOre,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/tungstenore

# %magnesiteOre:* (magnesiteOre), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockMagnesiteOre
block:id=%magnesiteOre,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/magnesiteore

# %siliconOre:* (siliconOre), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockSiliconOre
block:id=%siliconOre,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/siliconore

# %limoniteOre:* (limoniteOre), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockLimoniteOre
block:id=%limoniteOre,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/limoniteore

# %rubyOre:* (rubyOre), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockRubyOre
block:id=%rubyOre,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/rubyore

# %sapphireOre:* (sapphireOre), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockSapphireOre
block:id=%sapphireOre,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/sapphireore

# %purpleCrystal:* (purpleCrystal), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockCrystal
block:id=%purpleCrystal,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:legends/crystal

# %redDiamondOre:* (redDiamondOre), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockRedDiamondOre
block:id=%redDiamondOre,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/reddiamondore

# %redDiamondBlock:* (redDiamondBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockRedDiamondBlock
block:id=%redDiamondBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/reddiamondblock

# %lightningOre:* (lightningOre), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockLightningStoneOre
block:id=%lightningOre,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/lightningore

# %lightningBlock:* (lightningBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockLightningStone
block:id=%lightningBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/lightningblock

# %lightningBlockBlue:* (lightningBlockBlue), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockLightningStoneBlue
block:id=%lightningBlockBlue,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/lightningblockblue

# %lightningBlockRed:* (lightningBlockRed), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockLightningStoneRed
block:id=%lightningBlockRed,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/lightningblockred

# %bronzeBlock:* (bronzeBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockBronzeBlock
block:id=%bronzeBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/bronzeblock

# %invisible:* (invisible), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockInvisible
block:id=%invisible,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/invisible

# %galacticMap:* (galacticMap), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.galactic.BlockGalacticMap
block:id=%galacticMap,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %marsRock:* (marsRock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.galactic.BlockMarsRock
block:id=%marsRock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/galactic/mars_rock

# %martianRelic:* (martianRelic), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.galactic.BlockMartianRelic
block:id=%martianRelic,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/galactic/martian_relic

# %frozenStone:* (frozenStone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.galactic.BlockFrozenStone
block:id=%frozenStone,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/galactic/frozen_stone

# %batPole:* (batPole), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockBatPole
block:id=%batPole,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/batpole

# %pole:* (pole), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockPole
block:id=%pole,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_white
block:id=%pole,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_orange
block:id=%pole,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_magenta
block:id=%pole,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_light_blue
block:id=%pole,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_yellow
block:id=%pole,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_lime
block:id=%pole,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_pink
block:id=%pole,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_gray
block:id=%pole,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_light_gray
block:id=%pole,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_silver
block:id=%pole,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_cyan
block:id=%pole,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_purple
block:id=%pole,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_blue
block:id=%pole,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_brown
block:id=%pole,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_green
block:id=%pole,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_red

# %poleBlack:* (poleBlack), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockPoleBlack
block:id=%poleBlack,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/concrete_black

# %brittleIce:* (brittleIce), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockIce
block:id=%brittleIce,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/ice

# %redLantern:* (redLantern), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockRedLantern
block:id=%redLantern,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/red_lantern

# %greenLantern:* (greenLantern), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockGreenLantern
block:id=%greenLantern,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/green_lantern

# %blueLantern:* (blueLantern), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockBlueLantern
block:id=%blueLantern,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blue_lantern

# %orangeLantern:* (orangeLantern), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockOrangeLantern
block:id=%orangeLantern,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/orange_lantern

# %monitor:* (monitor), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockMonitor
block:id=%monitor,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/heromaker_tile

# %microscope:* (microscope), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockMicroscope
block:id=%microscope,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/microscope_tile

# %armorStandTile:* (armorStandTile), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockArmorStand
block:id=%armorStandTile,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %armorCaseTile:* (armorCaseTile), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockArmorCase
block:id=%armorCaseTile,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %armorSteveTile:* (armorSteveTile), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockArmorSteve
block:id=%armorSteveTile,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %generator:* (generator), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockGenerator
block:id=%generator,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/heromaker_tile

# %generatorOff:* (generatorOff), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockGenerator
block:id=%generatorOff,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/heromaker_tile

# %cable:* (cable), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockCable
block:id=%cable,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/cable

# %diodeBoxUnpowered:* (diodeBoxUnpowered), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockDiodeBox
block:id=%diodeBoxUnpowered,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:legends/diode_top,face2-5=0:legends/diode_front_off

# %diodeBox:* (diodeBox), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockDiodeBox
block:id=%diodeBox,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:legends/diode_top,face2-5=0:legends/diode_front

# %suitRepairsUnit:* (suitRepairsUnit), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockSuitRepairsUnit
block:id=%suitRepairsUnit,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/heromaker_tile

# %suitRepairsUnitOff:* (suitRepairsUnitOff), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockSuitRepairsUnit
block:id=%suitRepairsUnitOff,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/heromaker_tile

# %dynamicLegendsBlock1:* (dynamicLegendsBlock1), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockRedSandstone
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock1,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:legends/red_sandstone_bottom,face1=0:legends/red_sandstone_top,face2-5=0:legends/red_sandstone
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock1,data=1,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:legends/red_sandstone_top,face2-5=0:legends/red_sandstone
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock1,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:legends/red_sandstone_bottom,face1=0:legends/red_sandstone_top,face2-5=0:legends/red_sandstone

# %dynamicLegendsBlock2:* (dynamicLegendsBlock2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockRedSandstoneChiseled
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:legends/red_sandstone_bottom,face1=0:legends/red_sandstone_top,face2-5=0:legends/red_sandstone_carved
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock2,data=1,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:legends/red_sandstone_top,face2-5=0:legends/red_sandstone_carved
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:legends/red_sandstone_bottom,face1=0:legends/red_sandstone_top,face2-5=0:legends/red_sandstone_carved

# %dynamicLegendsBlock3:* (dynamicLegendsBlock3), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockRedSandstoneSmooth
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock3,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:legends/red_sandstone_bottom,face1=0:legends/red_sandstone_top,face2-5=0:legends/red_sandstone_smooth
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock3,data=1,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:legends/red_sandstone_top,face2-5=0:legends/red_sandstone_smooth
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock3,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:legends/red_sandstone_bottom,face1=0:legends/red_sandstone_top,face2-5=0:legends/red_sandstone_smooth

# %dynamicLegendsBlock4:* (dynamicLegendsBlock4), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockLegendsStoneSlab
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock4,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/stone_red_sand
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock4,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/stone_red_sand_smooth
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock4,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/stone_red_sand
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock4,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/stone_red_sand_smooth

# %dynamicLegendsBlock5:* (dynamicLegendsBlock5), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockRedSandstoneStairs
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock5,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0=0:legends/red_sandstone_bottom,face1=0:legends/red_sandstone_top,face2-5=0:legends/red_sandstone

# %dynamicLegendsBlock6:* (dynamicLegendsBlock6), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockLegendsStoneSlab
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock6,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/stone_red_sand
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock6,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/stone_red_sand_smooth
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock6,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/stone_red_sand
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock6,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/stone_red_sand_smooth

# %dynamicLegendsBlock7:* (dynamicLegendsBlock7), render=(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockRedSandstoneSmoothStairs
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock7,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0=0:legends/red_sandstone_bottom,face1=0:legends/red_sandstone_top,face2-5=0:legends/red_sandstone_smooth

# %dynamicLegendsBlock8:* (dynamicLegendsBlock8), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockSecurityBlock
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock8,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/security_block

# %dynamicLegendsBlock9:* (dynamicLegendsBlock9), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockSuitAssemblyUnit
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock9,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:sum/heromaker_tile

# %dynamicLegendsBlock10:* (dynamicLegendsBlock10), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.BlockSuitAssemblyUnit
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock10,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:sum/heromaker_tile

# %dynamicLegendsBlock11:* (dynamicLegendsBlock11), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock11
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock11,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock12:* (dynamicLegendsBlock12), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock12
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock12,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock13:* (dynamicLegendsBlock13), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock13
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock13,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock14:* (dynamicLegendsBlock14), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock14
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock14,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock15:* (dynamicLegendsBlock15), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock15
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock15,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock16:* (dynamicLegendsBlock16), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock16
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock16,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock17:* (dynamicLegendsBlock17), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock17
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock17,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock18:* (dynamicLegendsBlock18), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock18
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock18,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock19:* (dynamicLegendsBlock19), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock19
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock19,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock20:* (dynamicLegendsBlock20), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock20
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock20,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock21:* (dynamicLegendsBlock21), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock21
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock21,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock22:* (dynamicLegendsBlock22), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock22
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock22,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock23:* (dynamicLegendsBlock23), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock23
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock23,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock24:* (dynamicLegendsBlock24), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock24
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock24,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock25:* (dynamicLegendsBlock25), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock25
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock25,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock26:* (dynamicLegendsBlock26), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock26
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock26,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock27:* (dynamicLegendsBlock27), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock27
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock27,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock28:* (dynamicLegendsBlock28), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock28
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock28,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock29:* (dynamicLegendsBlock29), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock29
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock29,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock30:* (dynamicLegendsBlock30), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock30
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock30,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock31:* (dynamicLegendsBlock31), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock31
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock31,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock32:* (dynamicLegendsBlock32), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock32
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock32,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock33:* (dynamicLegendsBlock33), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock33
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock33,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock34:* (dynamicLegendsBlock34), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock34
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock34,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock35:* (dynamicLegendsBlock35), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock35
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock35,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock36:* (dynamicLegendsBlock36), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock36
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock36,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock37:* (dynamicLegendsBlock37), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock37
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock37,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock38:* (dynamicLegendsBlock38), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock38
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock38,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock39:* (dynamicLegendsBlock39), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock39
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock39,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock40:* (dynamicLegendsBlock40), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock40
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock40,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock41:* (dynamicLegendsBlock41), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock41
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock41,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock42:* (dynamicLegendsBlock42), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock42
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock42,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock43:* (dynamicLegendsBlock43), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock43
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock43,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock44:* (dynamicLegendsBlock44), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock44
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock44,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock45:* (dynamicLegendsBlock45), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock45
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock45,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock46:* (dynamicLegendsBlock46), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock46
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock46,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock47:* (dynamicLegendsBlock47), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock47
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock47,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock48:* (dynamicLegendsBlock48), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock48
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock48,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock49:* (dynamicLegendsBlock49), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock49
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock49,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock50:* (dynamicLegendsBlock50), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock50
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock50,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock51:* (dynamicLegendsBlock51), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock51
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock51,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock52:* (dynamicLegendsBlock52), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock52
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock52,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock53:* (dynamicLegendsBlock53), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock53
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock53,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock54:* (dynamicLegendsBlock54), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock54
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock54,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock55:* (dynamicLegendsBlock55), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock55
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock55,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock56:* (dynamicLegendsBlock56), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock56
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock56,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock57:* (dynamicLegendsBlock57), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock57
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock57,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock58:* (dynamicLegendsBlock58), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock58
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock58,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock59:* (dynamicLegendsBlock59), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock59
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock59,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock60:* (dynamicLegendsBlock60), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock60
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock60,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock61:* (dynamicLegendsBlock61), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock61
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock61,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock62:* (dynamicLegendsBlock62), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock62
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock62,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock63:* (dynamicLegendsBlock63), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock63
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock63,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock64:* (dynamicLegendsBlock64), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock64
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock64,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock65:* (dynamicLegendsBlock65), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock65
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock65,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock66:* (dynamicLegendsBlock66), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock66
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock66,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock67:* (dynamicLegendsBlock67), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock67
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock67,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock68:* (dynamicLegendsBlock68), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock68
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock68,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock69:* (dynamicLegendsBlock69), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock69
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock69,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock70:* (dynamicLegendsBlock70), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock70
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock70,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock71:* (dynamicLegendsBlock71), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock71
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock71,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock72:* (dynamicLegendsBlock72), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock72
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock72,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock73:* (dynamicLegendsBlock73), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock73
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock73,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock74:* (dynamicLegendsBlock74), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock74
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock74,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock75:* (dynamicLegendsBlock75), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock75
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock75,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock76:* (dynamicLegendsBlock76), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock76
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock76,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock77:* (dynamicLegendsBlock77), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock77
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock77,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock78:* (dynamicLegendsBlock78), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock78
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock78,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock79:* (dynamicLegendsBlock79), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock79
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock79,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock80:* (dynamicLegendsBlock80), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock80
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock80,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock81:* (dynamicLegendsBlock81), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock81
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock81,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock82:* (dynamicLegendsBlock82), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock82
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock82,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock83:* (dynamicLegendsBlock83), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock83
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock83,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock84:* (dynamicLegendsBlock84), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock84
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock84,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock85:* (dynamicLegendsBlock85), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock85
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock85,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock86:* (dynamicLegendsBlock86), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock86
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock86,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock87:* (dynamicLegendsBlock87), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock87
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock87,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock88:* (dynamicLegendsBlock88), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock88
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock88,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock89:* (dynamicLegendsBlock89), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock89
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock89,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock90:* (dynamicLegendsBlock90), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock90
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock90,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock91:* (dynamicLegendsBlock91), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock91
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock91,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock92:* (dynamicLegendsBlock92), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock92
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock92,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock93:* (dynamicLegendsBlock93), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock93
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock93,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock94:* (dynamicLegendsBlock94), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock94
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock94,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock95:* (dynamicLegendsBlock95), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock95
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock95,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock96:* (dynamicLegendsBlock96), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock96
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock96,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock97:* (dynamicLegendsBlock97), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock97
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock97,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock98:* (dynamicLegendsBlock98), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock98
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock98,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock99:* (dynamicLegendsBlock99), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock99
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock99,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicLegendsBlock100:* (dynamicLegendsBlock100), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.legends.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicLegendsBlock100
block:id=%dynamicLegendsBlock100,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %altar:* (altar), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.BlockAltar
block:id=%altar,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock1:* (dynamicHorrorBlock1), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.BlockCoffin
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock1,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock2:* (dynamicHorrorBlock2), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.BlockCoffin
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock2,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock3:* (dynamicHorrorBlock3), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.BlockCoffinBlack
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock3,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock4:* (dynamicHorrorBlock4), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.BlockCoffinBlack
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock4,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock5:* (dynamicHorrorBlock5), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.BlockCoffinGray
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock5,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock6:* (dynamicHorrorBlock6), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.BlockCoffinGray
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock6,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock7:* (dynamicHorrorBlock7), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.BlockCoffinRed
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock7,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock8:* (dynamicHorrorBlock8), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.BlockCoffinRed
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock8,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock9:* (dynamicHorrorBlock9), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.BlockCoffinBlue
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock9,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock10:* (dynamicHorrorBlock10), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.BlockCoffinBlue
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock10,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock11:* (dynamicHorrorBlock11), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.BlockCoffinPink
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock11,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock12:* (dynamicHorrorBlock12), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.BlockCoffinPink
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock12,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock13:* (dynamicHorrorBlock13), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock13
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock13,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock14:* (dynamicHorrorBlock14), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock14
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock14,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock15:* (dynamicHorrorBlock15), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock15
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock15,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock16:* (dynamicHorrorBlock16), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock16
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock16,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock17:* (dynamicHorrorBlock17), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock17
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock17,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock18:* (dynamicHorrorBlock18), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock18
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock18,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock19:* (dynamicHorrorBlock19), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock19
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock19,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock20:* (dynamicHorrorBlock20), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock20
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock20,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock21:* (dynamicHorrorBlock21), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock21
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock21,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock22:* (dynamicHorrorBlock22), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock22
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock22,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock23:* (dynamicHorrorBlock23), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock23
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock23,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock24:* (dynamicHorrorBlock24), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock24
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock24,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock25:* (dynamicHorrorBlock25), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock25
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock25,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock26:* (dynamicHorrorBlock26), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock26
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock26,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock27:* (dynamicHorrorBlock27), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock27
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock27,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock28:* (dynamicHorrorBlock28), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock28
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock28,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock29:* (dynamicHorrorBlock29), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock29
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock29,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock30:* (dynamicHorrorBlock30), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock30
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock30,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock31:* (dynamicHorrorBlock31), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock31
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock31,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock32:* (dynamicHorrorBlock32), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock32
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock32,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock33:* (dynamicHorrorBlock33), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock33
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock33,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock34:* (dynamicHorrorBlock34), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock34
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock34,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock35:* (dynamicHorrorBlock35), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock35
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock35,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock36:* (dynamicHorrorBlock36), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock36
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock36,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock37:* (dynamicHorrorBlock37), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock37
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock37,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock38:* (dynamicHorrorBlock38), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock38
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock38,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock39:* (dynamicHorrorBlock39), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock39
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock39,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock40:* (dynamicHorrorBlock40), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock40
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock40,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock41:* (dynamicHorrorBlock41), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock41
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock41,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock42:* (dynamicHorrorBlock42), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock42
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock42,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock43:* (dynamicHorrorBlock43), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock43
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock43,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock44:* (dynamicHorrorBlock44), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock44
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock44,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock45:* (dynamicHorrorBlock45), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock45
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock45,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock46:* (dynamicHorrorBlock46), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock46
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock46,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock47:* (dynamicHorrorBlock47), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock47
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock47,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock48:* (dynamicHorrorBlock48), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock48
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock48,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock49:* (dynamicHorrorBlock49), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock49
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock49,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock50:* (dynamicHorrorBlock50), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock50
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock50,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock51:* (dynamicHorrorBlock51), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock51
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock51,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock52:* (dynamicHorrorBlock52), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock52
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock52,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock53:* (dynamicHorrorBlock53), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock53
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock53,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock54:* (dynamicHorrorBlock54), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock54
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock54,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock55:* (dynamicHorrorBlock55), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock55
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock55,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock56:* (dynamicHorrorBlock56), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock56
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock56,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock57:* (dynamicHorrorBlock57), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock57
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock57,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock58:* (dynamicHorrorBlock58), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock58
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock58,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock59:* (dynamicHorrorBlock59), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock59
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock59,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock60:* (dynamicHorrorBlock60), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock60
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock60,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock61:* (dynamicHorrorBlock61), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock61
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock61,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock62:* (dynamicHorrorBlock62), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock62
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock62,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock63:* (dynamicHorrorBlock63), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock63
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock63,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock64:* (dynamicHorrorBlock64), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock64
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock64,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock65:* (dynamicHorrorBlock65), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock65
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock65,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock66:* (dynamicHorrorBlock66), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock66
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock66,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock67:* (dynamicHorrorBlock67), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock67
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock67,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock68:* (dynamicHorrorBlock68), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock68
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock68,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock69:* (dynamicHorrorBlock69), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock69
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock69,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock70:* (dynamicHorrorBlock70), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock70
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock70,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock71:* (dynamicHorrorBlock71), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock71
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock71,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock72:* (dynamicHorrorBlock72), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock72
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock72,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock73:* (dynamicHorrorBlock73), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock73
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock73,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock74:* (dynamicHorrorBlock74), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock74
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock74,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock75:* (dynamicHorrorBlock75), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock75
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock75,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock76:* (dynamicHorrorBlock76), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock76
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock76,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock77:* (dynamicHorrorBlock77), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock77
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock77,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock78:* (dynamicHorrorBlock78), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock78
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock78,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock79:* (dynamicHorrorBlock79), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock79
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock79,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock80:* (dynamicHorrorBlock80), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock80
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock80,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock81:* (dynamicHorrorBlock81), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock81
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock81,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock82:* (dynamicHorrorBlock82), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock82
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock82,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock83:* (dynamicHorrorBlock83), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock83
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock83,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock84:* (dynamicHorrorBlock84), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock84
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock84,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock85:* (dynamicHorrorBlock85), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock85
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock85,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock86:* (dynamicHorrorBlock86), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock86
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock86,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock87:* (dynamicHorrorBlock87), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock87
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock87,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock88:* (dynamicHorrorBlock88), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock88
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock88,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock89:* (dynamicHorrorBlock89), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock89
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock89,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock90:* (dynamicHorrorBlock90), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock90
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock90,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock91:* (dynamicHorrorBlock91), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock91
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock91,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock92:* (dynamicHorrorBlock92), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock92
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock92,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock93:* (dynamicHorrorBlock93), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock93
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock93,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock94:* (dynamicHorrorBlock94), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock94
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock94,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock95:* (dynamicHorrorBlock95), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock95
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock95,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock96:* (dynamicHorrorBlock96), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock96
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock96,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock97:* (dynamicHorrorBlock97), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock97
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock97,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock98:* (dynamicHorrorBlock98), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock98
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock98,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock99:* (dynamicHorrorBlock99), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock99
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock99,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %dynamicHorrorBlock100:* (dynamicHorrorBlock100), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.horror.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicHorrorBlock100
block:id=%dynamicHorrorBlock100,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:horror/blank

# %godzillaSkull:* (godzillaSkull), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.trophies.BlockGodzillaSkull
block:id=%godzillaSkull,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:kaiju/trophies/skull_tile

# %godzillaSkullSmall:* (godzillaSkullSmall), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.trophies.BlockGodzillaSkullSmall
block:id=%godzillaSkullSmall,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/trophies/skull_tile

# %dynamicKaijuBlock1:* (dynamicKaijuBlock1), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock1
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock1,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock2:* (dynamicKaijuBlock2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock2
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock3:* (dynamicKaijuBlock3), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock3
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock3,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock4:* (dynamicKaijuBlock4), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock4
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock4,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock5:* (dynamicKaijuBlock5), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock5
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock5,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock6:* (dynamicKaijuBlock6), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock6
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock6,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock7:* (dynamicKaijuBlock7), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock7
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock7,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock8:* (dynamicKaijuBlock8), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock8
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock8,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock9:* (dynamicKaijuBlock9), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock9
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock9,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock10:* (dynamicKaijuBlock10), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock10
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock10,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock11:* (dynamicKaijuBlock11), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock11
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock11,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock12:* (dynamicKaijuBlock12), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock12
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock12,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock13:* (dynamicKaijuBlock13), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock13
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock13,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock14:* (dynamicKaijuBlock14), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock14
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock14,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock15:* (dynamicKaijuBlock15), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock15
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock15,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock16:* (dynamicKaijuBlock16), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock16
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock16,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock17:* (dynamicKaijuBlock17), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock17
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock17,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock18:* (dynamicKaijuBlock18), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock18
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock18,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock19:* (dynamicKaijuBlock19), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock19
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock19,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock20:* (dynamicKaijuBlock20), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock20
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock20,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock21:* (dynamicKaijuBlock21), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock21
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock21,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock22:* (dynamicKaijuBlock22), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock22
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock22,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock23:* (dynamicKaijuBlock23), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock23
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock23,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock24:* (dynamicKaijuBlock24), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock24
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock24,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock25:* (dynamicKaijuBlock25), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock25
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock25,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock26:* (dynamicKaijuBlock26), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock26
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock26,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock27:* (dynamicKaijuBlock27), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock27
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock27,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock28:* (dynamicKaijuBlock28), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock28
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock28,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock29:* (dynamicKaijuBlock29), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock29
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock29,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock30:* (dynamicKaijuBlock30), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock30
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock30,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock31:* (dynamicKaijuBlock31), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock31
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock31,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock32:* (dynamicKaijuBlock32), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock32
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock32,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock33:* (dynamicKaijuBlock33), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock33
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock33,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock34:* (dynamicKaijuBlock34), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock34
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock34,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock35:* (dynamicKaijuBlock35), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock35
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock35,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock36:* (dynamicKaijuBlock36), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock36
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock36,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock37:* (dynamicKaijuBlock37), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock37
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock37,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock38:* (dynamicKaijuBlock38), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock38
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock38,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock39:* (dynamicKaijuBlock39), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock39
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock39,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock40:* (dynamicKaijuBlock40), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock40
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock40,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock41:* (dynamicKaijuBlock41), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock41
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock41,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock42:* (dynamicKaijuBlock42), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock42
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock42,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock43:* (dynamicKaijuBlock43), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock43
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock43,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock44:* (dynamicKaijuBlock44), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock44
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock44,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock45:* (dynamicKaijuBlock45), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock45
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock45,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock46:* (dynamicKaijuBlock46), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock46
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock46,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock47:* (dynamicKaijuBlock47), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock47
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock47,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock48:* (dynamicKaijuBlock48), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock48
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock48,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock49:* (dynamicKaijuBlock49), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock49
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock49,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock50:* (dynamicKaijuBlock50), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock50
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock50,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock51:* (dynamicKaijuBlock51), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock51
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock51,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock52:* (dynamicKaijuBlock52), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock52
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock52,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock53:* (dynamicKaijuBlock53), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock53
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock53,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock54:* (dynamicKaijuBlock54), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock54
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock54,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock55:* (dynamicKaijuBlock55), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock55
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock55,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock56:* (dynamicKaijuBlock56), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock56
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock56,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock57:* (dynamicKaijuBlock57), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock57
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock57,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock58:* (dynamicKaijuBlock58), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock58
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock58,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock59:* (dynamicKaijuBlock59), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock59
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock59,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock60:* (dynamicKaijuBlock60), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock60
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock60,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock61:* (dynamicKaijuBlock61), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock61
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock61,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock62:* (dynamicKaijuBlock62), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock62
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock62,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock63:* (dynamicKaijuBlock63), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock63
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock63,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock64:* (dynamicKaijuBlock64), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock64
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock64,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock65:* (dynamicKaijuBlock65), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock65
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock65,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock66:* (dynamicKaijuBlock66), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock66
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock66,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock67:* (dynamicKaijuBlock67), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock67
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock67,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock68:* (dynamicKaijuBlock68), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock68
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock68,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock69:* (dynamicKaijuBlock69), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock69
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock69,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock70:* (dynamicKaijuBlock70), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock70
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock70,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock71:* (dynamicKaijuBlock71), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock71
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock71,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock72:* (dynamicKaijuBlock72), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock72
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock72,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock73:* (dynamicKaijuBlock73), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock73
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock73,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock74:* (dynamicKaijuBlock74), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock74
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock74,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock75:* (dynamicKaijuBlock75), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock75
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock75,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock76:* (dynamicKaijuBlock76), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock76
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock76,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock77:* (dynamicKaijuBlock77), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock77
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock77,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock78:* (dynamicKaijuBlock78), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock78
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock78,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock79:* (dynamicKaijuBlock79), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock79
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock79,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock80:* (dynamicKaijuBlock80), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock80
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock80,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock81:* (dynamicKaijuBlock81), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock81
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock81,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock82:* (dynamicKaijuBlock82), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock82
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock82,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock83:* (dynamicKaijuBlock83), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock83
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock83,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock84:* (dynamicKaijuBlock84), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock84
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock84,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock85:* (dynamicKaijuBlock85), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock85
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock85,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock86:* (dynamicKaijuBlock86), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock86
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock86,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock87:* (dynamicKaijuBlock87), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock87
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock87,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock88:* (dynamicKaijuBlock88), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock88
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock88,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock89:* (dynamicKaijuBlock89), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock89
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock89,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock90:* (dynamicKaijuBlock90), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock90
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock90,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock91:* (dynamicKaijuBlock91), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock91
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock91,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock92:* (dynamicKaijuBlock92), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock92
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock92,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock93:* (dynamicKaijuBlock93), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock93
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock93,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock94:* (dynamicKaijuBlock94), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock94
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock94,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock95:* (dynamicKaijuBlock95), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock95
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock95,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock96:* (dynamicKaijuBlock96), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock96
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock96,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock97:* (dynamicKaijuBlock97), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock97
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock97,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock98:* (dynamicKaijuBlock98), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock98
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock98,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock99:* (dynamicKaijuBlock99), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock99
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock99,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %dynamicKaijuBlock100:* (dynamicKaijuBlock100), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.kaiju.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicKaijuBlock100
block:id=%dynamicKaijuBlock100,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:kaiju/blank

# %kyberCrystalBlock:* (kyberCrystalBlock), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.BlockKyberCrystal
block:id=%kyberCrystalBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank_tile

# %saberBench:* (saberBench), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.BlockLightsaberBench
block:id=%saberBench,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/saberbench_tile

# %saberModifier:* (saberModifier), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.BlockLightsaberModifier
block:id=%saberModifier,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/saberbench_tile

# %jediHolocron:* (jediHolocron), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.BlockJediHolocron
block:id=%jediHolocron,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:starwars/blank_tile

# %sithHolocron:* (sithHolocron), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.BlockSithHolocron
block:id=%sithHolocron,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:starwars/blank_tile

# %jediArchives:* (jediArchives), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.BlockJediArchives
block:id=%jediArchives,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/jediarchives

# %sithArchives:* (sithArchives), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.BlockSithArchives
block:id=%sithArchives,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/sitharchives

# %jediSpawner:* (jediSpawner), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.BlockJediSpawner
block:id=%jediSpawner,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/mob_spawner

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock1:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock1), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.BlockSithSpawner
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock1,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/mob_spawner

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock2:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock2), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.BlockLightsaberBenchSith
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/saberbench_tile

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock3:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock3), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.npcs.BlockNPCJediArmourer
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock3,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/mob_spawner

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock4:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock4), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.npcs.BlockNPCSithArmourer
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock4,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/mob_spawner

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock5:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock5), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.npcs.BlockNPCJediRecruiter
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock5,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/mob_spawner

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock6:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock6), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.npcs.BlockNPCSithRecruiter
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock6,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/mob_spawner

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock7:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock7), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.BlockHurikaneanSpawner
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock7,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/mob_spawner

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock8:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock8), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.BlockSuitForge
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock8,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:sum/heromaker_tile

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock9:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock9), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.npcs.BlockNPCWuher
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock9,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/mob_spawner

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock10:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock10), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.npcs.BlockNPCSmuggler
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock10,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:legends/mob_spawner

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock11:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock11), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock11
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock11,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock12:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock12), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock12
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock12,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock13:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock13), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock13
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock13,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock14:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock14), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock14
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock14,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock15:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock15), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock15
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock15,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock16:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock16), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock16
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock16,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock17:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock17), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock17
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock17,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock18:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock18), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock18
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock18,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock19:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock19), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock19
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock19,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock20:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock20), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock20
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock20,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock21:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock21), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock21
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock21,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock22:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock22), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock22
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock22,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock23:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock23), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock23
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock23,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock24:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock24), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock24
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock24,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock25:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock25), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock25
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock25,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock26:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock26), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock26
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock26,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock27:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock27), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock27
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock27,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock28:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock28), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock28
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock28,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock29:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock29), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock29
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock29,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock30:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock30), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock30
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock30,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock31:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock31), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock31
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock31,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock32:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock32), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock32
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock32,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock33:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock33), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock33
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock33,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock34:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock34), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock34
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock34,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock35:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock35), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock35
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock35,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock36:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock36), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock36
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock36,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock37:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock37), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock37
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock37,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock38:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock38), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock38
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock38,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock39:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock39), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock39
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock39,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock40:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock40), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock40
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock40,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock41:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock41), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock41
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock41,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock42:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock42), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock42
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock42,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock43:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock43), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock43
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock43,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock44:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock44), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock44
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock44,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock45:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock45), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock45
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock45,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock46:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock46), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock46
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock46,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock47:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock47), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock47
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock47,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock48:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock48), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock48
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock48,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock49:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock49), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock49
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock49,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock50:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock50), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock50
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock50,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock51:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock51), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock51
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock51,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock52:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock52), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock52
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock52,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock53:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock53), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock53
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock53,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock54:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock54), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock54
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock54,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock55:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock55), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock55
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock55,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock56:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock56), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock56
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock56,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock57:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock57), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock57
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock57,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock58:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock58), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock58
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock58,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock59:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock59), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock59
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock59,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock60:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock60), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock60
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock60,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock61:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock61), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock61
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock61,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock62:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock62), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock62
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock62,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock63:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock63), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock63
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock63,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock64:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock64), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock64
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock64,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock65:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock65), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock65
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock65,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock66:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock66), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock66
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock66,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock67:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock67), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock67
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock67,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock68:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock68), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock68
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock68,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock69:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock69), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock69
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock69,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock70:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock70), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock70
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock70,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock71:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock71), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock71
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock71,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock72:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock72), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock72
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock72,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock73:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock73), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock73
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock73,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock74:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock74), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock74
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock74,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock75:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock75), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock75
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock75,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock76:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock76), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock76
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock76,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock77:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock77), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock77
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock77,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock78:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock78), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock78
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock78,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock79:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock79), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock79
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock79,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock80:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock80), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock80
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock80,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock81:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock81), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock81
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock81,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock82:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock82), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock82
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock82,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock83:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock83), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock83
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock83,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock84:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock84), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock84
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock84,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock85:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock85), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock85
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock85,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock86:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock86), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock86
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock86,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock87:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock87), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock87
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock87,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock88:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock88), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock88
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock88,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock89:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock89), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock89
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock89,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock90:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock90), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock90
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock90,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock91:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock91), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock91
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock91,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock92:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock92), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock92
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock92,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock93:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock93), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock93
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock93,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock94:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock94), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock94
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock94,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock95:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock95), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock95
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock95,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock96:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock96), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock96
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock96,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock97:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock97), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock97
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock97,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock98:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock98), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock98
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock98,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock99:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock99), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock99
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock99,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %dynamicStarWarsBlock100:* (dynamicStarWarsBlock100), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.starwars.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicStarWarsBlock100
block:id=%dynamicStarWarsBlock100,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:starwars/blank

# %SAU:* (SAU), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock2
block:id=%SAU,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %SAU_OFF:* (SAU_OFF), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock2
block:id=%SAU_OFF,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %powerUnit:* (powerUnit), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.BlockMPU
block:id=%powerUnit,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/heromaker_tile

# %powerUnit_Off:* (powerUnit_Off), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.BlockMPU
block:id=%powerUnit_Off,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/heromaker_tile

# %starkBench:* (starkBench), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.BlockStarkBench
block:id=%starkBench,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:sum/heromaker_tile

# %batcomputer:* (batcomputer), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.BlockBatcomputer
block:id=%batcomputer,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:sum/batcomputer_tile

# %batcomputerOn:* (batcomputerOn), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.BlockBatcomputerOn
block:id=%batcomputerOn,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:sum/batcomputer_tile

# %batcomputer2:* (batcomputer2), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.BlockBatcomputer2
block:id=%batcomputer2,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:sum/batcomputer_tile

# %batcomputerOn2:* (batcomputerOn2), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.BlockBatcomputerOn2
block:id=%batcomputerOn2,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:sum/batcomputer_tile

# %kryptonite:* (kryptonite), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.BlockKryptonite
block:id=%kryptonite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/kryptoniteore

# %gamma:* (gamma), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.BlockGamma
block:id=%gamma,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/gammablock

# %syntheticWeb:* (syntheticWeb), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.BlockSyntheticWeb
block:id=%syntheticWeb,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/web

# %palladiumOre:* (palladiumOre), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.BlockPalladiumOre
block:id=%palladiumOre,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/palladiumore

# %mark5Case:* (mark5Case), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.BlockMark5Case
block:id=%mark5Case,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:sum/heromaker_tile

# %vibraniumOre:* (vibraniumOre), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.BlockVibraniumOre
block:id=%vibraniumOre,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/vibraniumore

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock1:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock1), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.BlockSymbioteChamber
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock1,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/heromaker_tile

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock2:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock2), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.BlockSymbioteChamber
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/heromaker_tile

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock3:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock3), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock3
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock3,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock4:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock4), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock4
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock4,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock5:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock5), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock5
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock5,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock6:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock6), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock6
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock6,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock7:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock7), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock7
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock7,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock8:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock8), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock8
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock8,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock9:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock9), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock9
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock9,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock10:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock10), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock10
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock10,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock11:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock11), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock11
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock11,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock12:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock12), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock12
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock12,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock13:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock13), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock13
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock13,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock14:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock14), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock14
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock14,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock15:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock15), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock15
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock15,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock16:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock16), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock16
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock16,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock17:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock17), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock17
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock17,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock18:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock18), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock18
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock18,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock19:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock19), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock19
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock19,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock20:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock20), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock20
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock20,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock21:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock21), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock21
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock21,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock22:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock22), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock22
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock22,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock23:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock23), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock23
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock23,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock24:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock24), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock24
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock24,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock25:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock25), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock25
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock25,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock26:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock26), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock26
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock26,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock27:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock27), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock27
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock27,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock28:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock28), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock28
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock28,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock29:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock29), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock29
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock29,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock30:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock30), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock30
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock30,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock31:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock31), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock31
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock31,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock32:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock32), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock32
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock32,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock33:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock33), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock33
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock33,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock34:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock34), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock34
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock34,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock35:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock35), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock35
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock35,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock36:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock36), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock36
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock36,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock37:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock37), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock37
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock37,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock38:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock38), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock38
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock38,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock39:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock39), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock39
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock39,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock40:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock40), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock40
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock40,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock41:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock41), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock41
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock41,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock42:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock42), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock42
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock42,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock43:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock43), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock43
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock43,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock44:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock44), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock44
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock44,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock45:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock45), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock45
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock45,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock46:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock46), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock46
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock46,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock47:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock47), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock47
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock47,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock48:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock48), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock48
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock48,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock49:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock49), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock49
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock49,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock50:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock50), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock50
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock50,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock51:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock51), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock51
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock51,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock52:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock52), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock52
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock52,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock53:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock53), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock53
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock53,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock54:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock54), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock54
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock54,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock55:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock55), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock55
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock55,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock56:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock56), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock56
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock56,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock57:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock57), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock57
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock57,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock58:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock58), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock58
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock58,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock59:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock59), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock59
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock59,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock60:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock60), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock60
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock60,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock61:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock61), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock61
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock61,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock62:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock62), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock62
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock62,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock63:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock63), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock63
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock63,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock64:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock64), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock64
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock64,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock65:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock65), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock65
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock65,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock66:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock66), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock66
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock66,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock67:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock67), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock67
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock67,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock68:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock68), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock68
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock68,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock69:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock69), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock69
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock69,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock70:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock70), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock70
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock70,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock71:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock71), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock71
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock71,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock72:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock72), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock72
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock72,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock73:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock73), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock73
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock73,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock74:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock74), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock74
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock74,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock75:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock75), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock75
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock75,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock76:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock76), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock76
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock76,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock77:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock77), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock77
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock77,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock78:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock78), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock78
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock78,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock79:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock79), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock79
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock79,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock80:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock80), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock80
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock80,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock81:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock81), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock81
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock81,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock82:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock82), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock82
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock82,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock83:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock83), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock83
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock83,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock84:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock84), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock84
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock84,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock85:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock85), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock85
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock85,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock86:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock86), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock86
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock86,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock87:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock87), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock87
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock87,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock88:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock88), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock88
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock88,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock89:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock89), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock89
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock89,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock90:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock90), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock90
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock90,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock91:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock91), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock91
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock91,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock92:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock92), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock92
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock92,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock93:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock93), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock93
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock93,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock94:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock94), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock94
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock94,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock95:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock95), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock95
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock95,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock96:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock96), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock96
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock96,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock97:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock97), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock97
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock97,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock98:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock98), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock98
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock98,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock99:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock99), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock99
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock99,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank

# %dynamicSuperHeroesBlock100:* (dynamicSuperHeroesBlock100), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.tihyo.superheroes.blocks.dynamic.BlockDynamicSuperHeroesBlock100
block:id=%dynamicSuperHeroesBlock100,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:sum/blank
