# miscutils 1.11.46
version:1.7
modname:miscutils



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZEPLATEDBRICKS,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZEPLATEDBRICKS.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FIREBOX_BRONZE,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FIREBOX_BRONZE.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FIREBOX_STEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FIREBOX_STEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FROST_PROOF,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FROST_PROOF.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_RADIATIONPROOF,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_RADIATIONPROOF.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE_STAINLESSSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE_STAINLESSSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE_STEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE_STEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE_TITANIUM,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE_TITANIUM.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE_TUNGSTENSTEEL,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE_TUNGSTENSTEEL.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_HEATPROOFCASING,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_HEATPROOFCASING.png
texture:id=gregtech/iconsets/RENDERING_ERROR,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/iconsets/RENDERING_ERROR.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/DULL/block1,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/DULL/block1.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/DULL/block5,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/DULL/block5.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/DULL/frameGt,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/DULL/frameGt.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/ENRICHED/block5,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/ENRICHED/block5.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/FINE/block5,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/FINE/block5.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/GEM_A/block5,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/GEM_A/block5.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/GEM_A/frameGt,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/GEM_A/frameGt.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/block1,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/block1.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/block5,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/block5.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/frameGt,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/frameGt.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/GEM_VERTICAL/block1,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/GEM_VERTICAL/block1.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/GEM_VERTICAL/frameGt,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/GEM_VERTICAL/frameGt.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block1,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/METALLIC/block1.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block5,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/METALLIC/block5.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/NUCLEAR/block1,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/NUCLEAR/block1.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/NUCLEAR/block5,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/NUCLEAR/block5.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/NUCLEAR/frameGt,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/NUCLEAR/frameGt.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/REFINED/block5,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/REFINED/block5.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/REFINED/frameGt,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/REFINED/frameGt.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/SAND/block1,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/SAND/block1.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/SHINY/block1.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block5,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/SHINY/block5.png
texture:id=gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt,filename=assets/gregtech/textures/blocks/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt.png
texture:id=minecraft/dirt,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/dirt.png
texture:id=minecraft/dirt_podzol_side,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/dirt_podzol_side.png
texture:id=minecraft/dirt_podzol_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/dirt_podzol_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/grass_side,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/grass_side.png
texture:id=minecraft/grass_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/grass_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/jukebox_side,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/jukebox_side.png
texture:id=minecraft/jukebox_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/jukebox_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_acacia,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_acacia.png
texture:id=minecraft/portal,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/portal.png
texture:id=minecraft/stone,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stone.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/CASING_AMAZON,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/CASING_AMAZON.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/DecayablesChest_Side,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/DecayablesChest_Side.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/DecayablesChest_bottom,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/DecayablesChest_bottom.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/DecayablesChest_top,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/DecayablesChest_top.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/Generic_Creative_Texture,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/Generic_Creative_Texture.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_ADVANCED_CRYOGENIC,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_ADVANCED_CRYOGENIC.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_ADVANCED_VOLCANUS,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_ADVANCED_VOLCANUS.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_CENTRIFUGE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_CENTRIFUGE.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_FARM_MANAGER_STRUCTURAL,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_FARM_MANAGER_STRUCTURAL.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_FIREBOX_STABALLOY,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_FIREBOX_STABALLOY.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_FLOTATION,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_FLOTATION.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_FLUID_INCOLOY_DS,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_FLUID_INCOLOY_DS.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_T1,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_T1.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_GRINDING_FACTORY,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_GRINDING_FACTORY.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_LAURENIUM,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_LAURENIUM.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_T1,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_T1.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_QFT_COIL,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_QFT_COIL.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_ROCKETDYNE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_ROCKETDYNE.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_GRISIUM,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_GRISIUM.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_HASTELLOY_N,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_HASTELLOY_N.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_HASTELLOY_X,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_HASTELLOY_X.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_MARAGINGSTEEL,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_MARAGINGSTEEL.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_POTIN,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_POTIN.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_RED_STEEL,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_RED_STEEL.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_STELLITE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_STELLITE.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TALONITE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TALONITE.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TANTALLOY61,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TANTALLOY61.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TRINIUM_NAQUADAH_VENT,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TRINIUM_NAQUADAH_VENT.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TRINIUM_TITANIUM,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TRINIUM_TITANIUM.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TUMBAGA,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TUMBAGA.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_ZERON100,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_ZERON100.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_ZIRCONIUM_CARBIDE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_ZIRCONIUM_CARBIDE.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_PESTKILLER_TOP,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/MACHINE_PESTKILLER_TOP.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/_PlaceHolder,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/_PlaceHolder.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/cover_crafting,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/cover_crafting.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/fishtrap,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/fishtrap.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/machine_top,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/machine_top.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/sewer_adv_sides,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/sewer_adv_sides.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/sewer_adv_top,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/sewer_adv_top.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/sewer_sides,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/sewer_sides.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/sewer_top,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/sewer_top.png
texture:id=miscutils/TileEntities/sterileCasing,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/TileEntities/sterileCasing.png
texture:id=miscutils/blockFrameGt,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/blockFrameGt.png
texture:id=miscutils/chrono/CyberPanel,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/chrono/CyberPanel.png
texture:id=miscutils/chrono/MetalFunnel,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/chrono/MetalFunnel.png
texture:id=miscutils/chrono/MetalGrate,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/chrono/MetalGrate.png
texture:id=miscutils/chrono/MetalPanel,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/chrono/MetalPanel.png
texture:id=miscutils/chrono/MetalSheet,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/chrono/MetalSheet.png
texture:id=miscutils/chrono/MetalSheet2,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/chrono/MetalSheet2.png
texture:id=miscutils/chrono/MetalSheet8,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/chrono/MetalSheet8.png
texture:id=miscutils/chrono/MetalSheet9,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/chrono/MetalSheet9.png
texture:id=miscutils/compressed/glowstone1,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/compressed/glowstone1.png
texture:id=miscutils/compressed/glowstone2,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/compressed/glowstone2.png
texture:id=miscutils/compressed/glowstone3,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/compressed/glowstone3.png
texture:id=miscutils/compressed/glowstone4,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/compressed/glowstone4.png
texture:id=miscutils/compressed/glowstone5,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/compressed/glowstone5.png
texture:id=miscutils/compressed/obsidian1,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/compressed/obsidian1.png
texture:id=miscutils/compressed/obsidian2,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/compressed/obsidian2.png
texture:id=miscutils/compressed/obsidian3,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/compressed/obsidian3.png
texture:id=miscutils/compressed/obsidian4,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/compressed/obsidian4.png
texture:id=miscutils/compressed/obsidian5,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/compressed/obsidian5.png
texture:id=miscutils/compressed/obsidian_invert,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/compressed/obsidian_invert.png
texture:id=miscutils/fluid/Fluid_Cryotheum_Flow,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Cryotheum_Flow.png
texture:id=miscutils/fluid/Fluid_Cryotheum_Still,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Cryotheum_Still.png
texture:id=miscutils/fluid/Fluid_Ender_Flow,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Ender_Flow.png
texture:id=miscutils/fluid/Fluid_Ender_Still,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Ender_Still.png
texture:id=miscutils/fluid/Fluid_Pyrotheum_Flow,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Pyrotheum_Flow.png
texture:id=miscutils/fluid/Fluid_Pyrotheum_Still,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Pyrotheum_Still.png
texture:id=miscutils/fluid/Fluid_Sludge_Flow,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Sludge_Flow.png
texture:id=miscutils/fluid/Fluid_Sludge_Still,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fluid/Fluid_Sludge_Still.png
texture:id=miscutils/fluids/fluid.jackdaniels,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fluids/fluid.jackdaniels.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCharcoal0,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockCactusCharcoal0.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCharcoal1,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockCactusCharcoal1.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCharcoal2,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockCactusCharcoal2.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCharcoal3,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockCactusCharcoal3.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCharcoal4,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockCactusCharcoal4.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCharcoal5,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockCactusCharcoal5.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCoke0,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockCactusCoke0.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCoke1,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockCactusCoke1.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCoke2,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockCactusCoke2.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCoke3,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockCactusCoke3.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCoke4,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockCactusCoke4.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCoke5,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockCactusCoke5.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCharcoal0,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockSugarCharcoal0.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCharcoal1,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockSugarCharcoal1.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCharcoal2,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockSugarCharcoal2.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCharcoal3,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockSugarCharcoal3.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCharcoal4,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockSugarCharcoal4.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCharcoal5,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockSugarCharcoal5.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCoke0,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockSugarCoke0.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCoke1,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockSugarCoke1.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCoke2,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockSugarCoke2.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCoke3,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockSugarCoke3.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCoke4,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockSugarCoke4.png
texture:id=miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCoke5,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/fuel/blockSugarCoke5.png
texture:id=miscutils/hellfire/blockHellFire_layer_0,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/hellfire/blockHellFire_layer_0.png
texture:id=miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_3,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_3.png
texture:id=miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_4,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_4.png
texture:id=miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_COIL_II,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_COIL_II.png
texture:id=miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_COIL_III,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_COIL_III.png
texture:id=miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS_HYPER,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS_HYPER.png
texture:id=miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS_ULTRA,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS_ULTRA.png
texture:id=miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_GENERIC,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_GENERIC.png
texture:id=miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_GENERIC,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_GENERIC.png
texture:id=miscutils/iconsets/SC_TURBINE,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/SC_TURBINE.png
texture:id=miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_EV,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_EV.png
texture:id=miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_HV,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_HV.png
texture:id=miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_IV,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_IV.png
texture:id=miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_LV,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_LV.png
texture:id=miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_LuV,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_LuV.png
texture:id=miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_MAX,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_MAX.png
texture:id=miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_MV,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_MV.png
texture:id=miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_ULV,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_ULV.png
texture:id=miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_UV,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_UV.png
texture:id=miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_ZPM,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_ZPM.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_MAGIC_A,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_MAGIC_A.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_MAGIC_B,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_MAGIC_B.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_A,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_A.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_B,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_B.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_C,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_C.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_D,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_D.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_F,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_F.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_H,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_H.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_I,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_I.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_ORGANIC_PANEL_A_GLOWING,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_ORGANIC_PANEL_A_GLOWING.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_STONE_RED_A,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_STONE_RED_A.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_STONE_RED_B,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_STONE_RED_B.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_A,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_A.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_B,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_B.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_C,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_C.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_A,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_A.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_B,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_B.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_C,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_C.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_D,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_D.png
texture:id=miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_H,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_H.png
texture:id=miscutils/qft/CosmicFabricManipulator,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/qft/CosmicFabricManipulator.png
texture:id=miscutils/qft/CosmicFabricShieldingCore,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/qft/CosmicFabricShieldingCore.png
texture:id=miscutils/qft/ForceFieldGlass,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/qft/ForceFieldGlass.png
texture:id=miscutils/qft/InfinityInfusedManipulator,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/qft/InfinityInfusedManipulator.png
texture:id=miscutils/qft/InfinityInfusedShieldingCore,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/qft/InfinityInfusedShieldingCore.png
texture:id=miscutils/qft/Manipulator_Top,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/qft/Manipulator_Top.png
texture:id=miscutils/qft/NeutronPulseManipulator,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/qft/NeutronPulseManipulator.png
texture:id=miscutils/qft/NeutronShieldingCore,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/qft/NeutronShieldingCore.png
texture:id=miscutils/qft/SpaceTimeBendingCore,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/qft/SpaceTimeBendingCore.png
texture:id=miscutils/qft/SpaceTimeContinuumRipper,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/qft/SpaceTimeContinuumRipper.png
texture:id=miscutils/qft/blank,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/qft/blank.png
texture:id=miscutils/redox/redox1,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/redox/redox1.png
texture:id=miscutils/redox/redox2,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/redox/redox2.png
texture:id=miscutils/redox/redox3,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/redox/redox3.png
texture:id=miscutils/redox/redox4,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/redox/redox4.png
texture:id=miscutils/redox/redox5,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/redox/redox5.png
texture:id=miscutils/redox/redox6,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/redox/redox6.png
texture:id=miscutils/special/block_1,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/special/block_1.png
texture:id=miscutils/special/block_2,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/special/block_2.png
texture:id=miscutils/special/block_3,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/special/block_3.png
texture:id=miscutils/special/block_4,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/special/block_4.png
texture:id=miscutils/special/block_5,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/special/block_5.png
texture:id=miscutils/special/block_6,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/special/block_6.png
texture:id=miscutils/special/block_7,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/special/block_7.png
texture:id=miscutils/special/block_8,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/special/block_8.png
texture:id=miscutils/trees/leaves/leaves_pine,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/trees/leaves/leaves_pine.png
texture:id=miscutils/trees/leaves/leaves_rainforest,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/trees/leaves/leaves_rainforest.png
texture:id=miscutils/trees/logs/log_pine,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/trees/logs/log_pine.png
texture:id=miscutils/trees/logs/log_pine_top,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/trees/logs/log_pine_top.png
texture:id=miscutils/trees/logs/log_rainforest,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/trees/logs/log_rainforest.png
texture:id=miscutils/trees/logs/log_rainforest_top,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/trees/logs/log_rainforest_top.png
texture:id=miscutils/trees/saplings/sapling_pine,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/trees/saplings/sapling_pine.png
texture:id=miscutils/trees/saplings/sapling_rainforest,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/trees/saplings/sapling_rainforest.png
texture:id=miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Force.1,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/crop/blockCrop.Force.1.png
texture:id=miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Force.2,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/crop/blockCrop.Force.2.png
texture:id=miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Force.3,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/crop/blockCrop.Force.3.png
texture:id=miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Force.4,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/crop/blockCrop.Force.4.png
texture:id=miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Force.5,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/crop/blockCrop.Force.5.png
texture:id=miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Hemp.1,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/crop/blockCrop.Hemp.1.png
texture:id=miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Hemp.2,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/crop/blockCrop.Hemp.2.png
texture:id=miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Hemp.3,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/crop/blockCrop.Hemp.3.png
texture:id=miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Hemp.4,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/crop/blockCrop.Hemp.4.png
texture:id=miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Hemp.5,filename=assets/miscutils/textures/blocks/crop/blockCrop.Hemp.5.png


# %blockBlockSelenium:* (blockBlockSelenium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockSelenium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=BEBEBE,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/block1

# %blockFrameGtSelenium:* (blockFrameGtSelenium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtSelenium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=BEBEBE,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/frameGt

# %blockBlockIodine:* (blockBlockIodine), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockIodine,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=606060,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %blockFrameGtIodine:* (blockFrameGtIodine), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtIodine,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=606060,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockRhenium:* (blockBlockRhenium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockRhenium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=969696,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/block1

# %blockFrameGtRhenium:* (blockFrameGtRhenium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtRhenium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=969696,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/frameGt

# %blockBlockThallium:* (blockBlockThallium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockThallium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=AFAFAF,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/block1

# %blockFrameGtThallium:* (blockFrameGtThallium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtThallium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=AFAFAF,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/frameGt

# %blockBlockGermanium:* (blockBlockGermanium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockGermanium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=C8C8C8,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/block1

# %blockFrameGtGermanium:* (blockFrameGtGermanium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtGermanium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=C8C8C8,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/frameGt

# %blockBlockPolonium:* (blockBlockPolonium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockPolonium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=B4AAB4,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/NUCLEAR/block1

# %blockBlockRadium:* (blockBlockRadium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockRadium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=A5A5A5,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/NUCLEAR/block1

# %blockBlockProtactinium:* (blockBlockProtactinium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockProtactinium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=BE96AA,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/NUCLEAR/block1

# %blockBlockCurium:* (blockBlockCurium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockCurium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=AF556E,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/NUCLEAR/block1

# %blockBlockNeptunium:* (blockBlockNeptunium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockNeptunium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=C8DCCD,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/NUCLEAR/block1

# %blockBlockFermium:* (blockBlockFermium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockFermium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=4B5A19,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/NUCLEAR/block1

# %blockBlockLithium7:* (blockBlockLithium7), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockLithium7,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=E1DCFF,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %blockBlockUranium232:* (blockBlockUranium232), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockUranium232,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=58DC67,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/NUCLEAR/block1

# %blockBlockUranium233:* (blockBlockUranium233), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockUranium233,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=49DC53,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/NUCLEAR/block1

# %blockBlockPlutonium238:* (blockBlockPlutonium238), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockPlutonium238,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=FA4646,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/NUCLEAR/block1

# %blockBlockAdvancedNitinol:* (blockBlockAdvancedNitinol), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockAdvancedNitinol,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=D2B4F5,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/ENRICHED/block5

# %blockBlockAstralTitanium:* (blockBlockAstralTitanium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockAstralTitanium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=DCA0F0,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/REFINED/block5

# %blockFrameGtAstralTitanium:* (blockFrameGtAstralTitanium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtAstralTitanium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=DCA0F0,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/REFINED/frameGt

# %blockBlockCelestialTungsten:* (blockBlockCelestialTungsten), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockCelestialTungsten,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=323232,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/REFINED/block5

# %blockFrameGtCelestialTungsten:* (blockFrameGtCelestialTungsten), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtCelestialTungsten,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=323232,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/REFINED/frameGt

# %blockBlockHypogen:* (blockBlockHypogen), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockHypogen,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=DC784B,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/NUCLEAR/block5

# %blockFrameGtHypogen:* (blockFrameGtHypogen), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtHypogen,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=DC784B,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/NUCLEAR/frameGt

# %blockBlockChromaticGlass:* (blockBlockChromaticGlass), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockChromaticGlass,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/block5

# %blockFrameGtChromaticGlass:* (blockFrameGtChromaticGlass), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtChromaticGlass,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/frameGt

# %blockBlockBlackMetal:* (blockBlockBlackMetal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockBlackMetal,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=050505,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block1

# %blockFrameGtBlackMetal:* (blockFrameGtBlackMetal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtBlackMetal,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=050505,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt

# %blockBlockWhiteMetal:* (blockBlockWhiteMetal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockWhiteMetal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block1

# %blockFrameGtWhiteMetal:* (blockFrameGtWhiteMetal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtWhiteMetal,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt

# %oreAncientGranite:* (oreAncientGranite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreAncientGranite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %blockBlockAncientGranite:* (blockBlockAncientGranite), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockAncientGranite,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=6B6B6B,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SAND/block1

# %oreRunite:* (oreRunite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreRunite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %blockBlockRunite:* (blockBlockRunite), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockRunite,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=3CC8BE,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/FINE/block5

# %blockBlockDragonblood:* (blockBlockDragonblood), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockDragonblood,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=DC2814,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block5

# %blockFrameGtDragonblood:* (blockFrameGtDragonblood), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtDragonblood,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=DC2814,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockSiliconCarbide:* (blockBlockSiliconCarbide), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockSiliconCarbide,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=283024,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %blockFrameGtSiliconCarbide:* (blockFrameGtSiliconCarbide), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtSiliconCarbide,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=283024,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockZirconiumCarbide:* (blockBlockZirconiumCarbide), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockZirconiumCarbide,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=DECAB4,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %blockFrameGtZirconiumCarbide:* (blockFrameGtZirconiumCarbide), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtZirconiumCarbide,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=DECAB4,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockTantalumCarbide:* (blockBlockTantalumCarbide), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockTantalumCarbide,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=8B8878,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %blockFrameGtTantalumCarbide:* (blockFrameGtTantalumCarbide), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtTantalumCarbide,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=8B8878,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockNiobiumCarbide:* (blockBlockNiobiumCarbide), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockNiobiumCarbide,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=CDC5BF,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %blockFrameGtNiobiumCarbide:* (blockFrameGtNiobiumCarbide), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtNiobiumCarbide,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=CDC5BF,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockTungstenTitaniumCarbide:* (blockBlockTungstenTitaniumCarbide), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockTungstenTitaniumCarbide,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=604C67,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %blockFrameGtTungstenTitaniumCarbide:* (blockFrameGtTungstenTitaniumCarbide), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtTungstenTitaniumCarbide,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=604C67,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockEnergyCrystal:* (blockBlockEnergyCrystal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockEnergyCrystal,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=E4FF00,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/block1

# %blockFrameGtEnergyCrystal:* (blockFrameGtEnergyCrystal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtEnergyCrystal,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=E4FF00,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/frameGt

# %blockBlockBloodSteel:* (blockBlockBloodSteel), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockBloodSteel,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=8E1C00,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_VERTICAL/block1

# %blockFrameGtBloodSteel:* (blockFrameGtBloodSteel), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtBloodSteel,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=8E1C00,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_VERTICAL/frameGt

# %blockBlockZeron100:* (blockBlockZeron100), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockZeron100,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=B4B414,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block5

# %blockFrameGtZeron100:* (blockFrameGtZeron100), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtZeron100,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=B4B414,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt

# %blockBlockTumbaga:* (blockBlockTumbaga), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockTumbaga,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=FFB20F,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %blockFrameGtTumbaga:* (blockFrameGtTumbaga), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtTumbaga,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=FFB20F,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockPotin:* (blockBlockPotin), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockPotin,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=C99781,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/DULL/block1

# %blockFrameGtPotin:* (blockFrameGtPotin), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtPotin,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=C99781,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/DULL/frameGt

# %blockBlockStaballoy:* (blockBlockStaballoy), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockStaballoy,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=444B42,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %blockFrameGtStaballoy:* (blockFrameGtStaballoy), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtStaballoy,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=444B42,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockTantalloy60:* (blockBlockTantalloy60), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockTantalloy60,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=D5E7ED,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %blockFrameGtTantalloy60:* (blockFrameGtTantalloy60), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtTantalloy60,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=D5E7ED,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockTantalloy61:* (blockBlockTantalloy61), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockTantalloy61,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=C1D3D9,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %blockFrameGtTantalloy61:* (blockFrameGtTantalloy61), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtTantalloy61,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=C1D3D9,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockInconel625:* (blockBlockInconel625), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockInconel625,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=80C880,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block1

# %blockFrameGtInconel625:* (blockFrameGtInconel625), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtInconel625,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=80C880,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt

# %blockBlockInconel690:* (blockBlockInconel690), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockInconel690,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=76DC8A,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %blockFrameGtInconel690:* (blockFrameGtInconel690), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtInconel690,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=76DC8A,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockInconel792:* (blockBlockInconel792), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockInconel792,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=6CF076,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block1

# %blockFrameGtInconel792:* (blockFrameGtInconel792), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtInconel792,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=6CF076,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt

# %blockBlockEglinSteel:* (blockBlockEglinSteel), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockEglinSteel,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=8B4513,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block1

# %blockFrameGtEglinSteel:* (blockFrameGtEglinSteel), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtEglinSteel,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=8B4513,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt

# %blockBlockMaragingSteel250:* (blockBlockMaragingSteel250), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockMaragingSteel250,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=A195D9,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %blockFrameGtMaragingSteel250:* (blockFrameGtMaragingSteel250), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtMaragingSteel250,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=A195D9,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockMaragingSteel300:* (blockBlockMaragingSteel300), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockMaragingSteel300,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=9799DD,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %blockFrameGtMaragingSteel300:* (blockFrameGtMaragingSteel300), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtMaragingSteel300,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=9799DD,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockMaragingSteel350:* (blockBlockMaragingSteel350), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockMaragingSteel350,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=8F9DD9,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block1

# %blockFrameGtMaragingSteel350:* (blockFrameGtMaragingSteel350), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtMaragingSteel350,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=8F9DD9,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt

# %blockBlockWatertightSteel:* (blockBlockWatertightSteel), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockWatertightSteel,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=7878B4,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/DULL/block1

# %blockFrameGtWatertightSteel:* (blockFrameGtWatertightSteel), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtWatertightSteel,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=7878B4,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/DULL/frameGt

# %blockBlockNitinol60:* (blockBlockNitinol60), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockNitinol60,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=D2B4F5,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block5

# %blockFrameGtNitinol60:* (blockFrameGtNitinol60), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtNitinol60,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=D2B4F5,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockStellite:* (blockBlockStellite), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockStellite,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=C9B4F2,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %blockFrameGtStellite:* (blockFrameGtStellite), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtStellite,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=C9B4F2,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockTalonite:* (blockBlockTalonite), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockTalonite,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=C0BAAF,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %blockFrameGtTalonite:* (blockFrameGtTalonite), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtTalonite,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=C0BAAF,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockHastelloyW:* (blockBlockHastelloyW), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockHastelloyW,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=B7B2E6,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block1

# %blockFrameGtHastelloyW:* (blockFrameGtHastelloyW), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtHastelloyW,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=B7B2E6,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt

# %blockBlockHastelloyX:* (blockBlockHastelloyX), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockHastelloyX,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=BEBACD,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block1

# %blockFrameGtHastelloyX:* (blockFrameGtHastelloyX), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtHastelloyX,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=BEBACD,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt

# %blockBlockHastelloyC276:* (blockBlockHastelloyC276), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockHastelloyC276,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=AA8CA6,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block1

# %blockFrameGtHastelloyC276:* (blockFrameGtHastelloyC276), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtHastelloyC276,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=AA8CA6,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt

# %blockBlockHastelloyN:* (blockBlockHastelloyN), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockHastelloyN,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=D7CCE8,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %blockFrameGtHastelloyN:* (blockFrameGtHastelloyN), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtHastelloyN,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=D7CCE8,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockIncoloy020:* (blockBlockIncoloy020), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockIncoloy020,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=E3B6AA,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block1

# %blockFrameGtIncoloy020:* (blockFrameGtIncoloy020), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtIncoloy020,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=E3B6AA,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt

# %blockBlockIncoloyDS:* (blockBlockIncoloyDS), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockIncoloyDS,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=B7B1E8,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block1

# %blockFrameGtIncoloyDS:* (blockFrameGtIncoloyDS), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtIncoloyDS,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=B7B1E8,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt

# %blockBlockIncoloyMA956:* (blockBlockIncoloyMA956), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockIncoloyMA956,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=C8DCDE,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block1

# %blockFrameGtIncoloyMA956:* (blockFrameGtIncoloyMA956), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtIncoloyMA956,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=C8DCDE,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt

# %blockBlockGrisium:* (blockBlockGrisium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockGrisium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=355D6A,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/DULL/block1

# %blockFrameGtGrisium:* (blockFrameGtGrisium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtGrisium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=355D6A,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/DULL/frameGt

# %blockBlockTriniumTitaniumAlloy:* (blockBlockTriniumTitaniumAlloy), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockTriniumTitaniumAlloy,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=D2B4E1,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %blockFrameGtTriniumTitaniumAlloy:* (blockFrameGtTriniumTitaniumAlloy), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtTriniumTitaniumAlloy,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=D2B4E1,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockTriniumNaquadahAlloy:* (blockBlockTriniumNaquadahAlloy), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockTriniumNaquadahAlloy,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=7D7D82,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %blockBlockTriniumNaquadahCarbonite:* (blockBlockTriniumNaquadahCarbonite), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockTriniumNaquadahCarbonite,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=5A5A5D,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block5

# %blockFrameGtTriniumNaquadahCarbonite:* (blockFrameGtTriniumNaquadahCarbonite), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtTriniumNaquadahCarbonite,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=5A5A5D,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockArceusAlloy2B:* (blockBlockArceusAlloy2B), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockArceusAlloy2B,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=CDC517,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block5

# %blockFrameGtArceusAlloy2B:* (blockFrameGtArceusAlloy2B), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtArceusAlloy2B,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=CDC517,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt

# %blockBlockHeLiCoPtEr:* (blockBlockHeLiCoPtEr), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockHeLiCoPtEr,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=C6C09D,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block5

# %blockFrameGtHeLiCoPtEr:* (blockFrameGtHeLiCoPtEr), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtHeLiCoPtEr,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=C6C09D,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockLafiumCompound:* (blockBlockLafiumCompound), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockLafiumCompound,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=8FA89C,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block5

# %blockFrameGtLafiumCompound:* (blockFrameGtLafiumCompound), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtLafiumCompound,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=8FA89C,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt

# %blockBlockCinobiteA243:* (blockBlockCinobiteA243), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockCinobiteA243,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=A09AA2,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block5

# %blockFrameGtCinobiteA243:* (blockFrameGtCinobiteA243), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtCinobiteA243,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=A09AA2,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %blockBlockPikyonium64B:* (blockBlockPikyonium64B), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockPikyonium64B,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=3467BA,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block5

# %blockFrameGtPikyonium64B:* (blockFrameGtPikyonium64B), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtPikyonium64B,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=3467BA,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt

# %blockBlockAbyssalAlloy:* (blockBlockAbyssalAlloy), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockAbyssalAlloy,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=AD94A4,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block5

# %blockFrameGtAbyssalAlloy:* (blockFrameGtAbyssalAlloy), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtAbyssalAlloy,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=AD94A4,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt

# %blockBlockLaurenium:* (blockBlockLaurenium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockLaurenium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=F4A8FF,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block5

# %blockFrameGtLaurenium:* (blockFrameGtLaurenium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtLaurenium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=F4A8FF,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt

# %blockBlockBotmium:* (blockBlockBotmium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockBotmium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=50A050,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/block5

# %blockFrameGtBotmium:* (blockFrameGtBotmium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtBotmium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=50A050,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/frameGt

# %blockBlockHS188A:* (blockBlockHS188A), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockHS188A,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=A5A3A7,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block5

# %blockFrameGtHS188A:* (blockFrameGtHS188A), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtHS188A,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=A5A3A7,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/frameGt

# %blockBlockTitansteel:* (blockBlockTitansteel), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockTitansteel,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=655B3E,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/block5

# %blockFrameGtTitansteel:* (blockFrameGtTitansteel), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtTitansteel,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=655B3E,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/frameGt

# %blockBlockArcanite:* (blockBlockArcanite), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockArcanite,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=777E53,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_A/block5

# %blockFrameGtArcanite:* (blockFrameGtArcanite), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtArcanite,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=777E53,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_A/frameGt

# %blockBlockOctiron:* (blockBlockOctiron), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockOctiron,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=726D63,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/block5

# %blockFrameGtOctiron:* (blockFrameGtOctiron), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtOctiron,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=726D63,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/GEM_HORIZONTAL/frameGt

# %blockBlockBabbitAlloy:* (blockBlockBabbitAlloy), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockBabbitAlloy,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=D0C6D5,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/DULL/block1

# %blockBlockBlackTitanium:* (blockBlockBlackTitanium), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockBlackTitanium,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=91A68B,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/METALLIC/block5

# %blockBlockIndalloy140:* (blockBlockIndalloy140), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockIndalloy140,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=726A8D,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/DULL/block5

# %blockBlockRhugnor:* (blockBlockRhugnor), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockRhugnor,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=BE00FF,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/ENRICHED/block5

# %blockBlockQuantum:* (blockBlockQuantum), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockQuantum,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=959397,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block5

# %blockFrameGtQuantum:* (blockFrameGtQuantum), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockFrameGtQuantum,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=959397,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/frameGt

# %oreFluoriteF:* (oreFluoriteF), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreFluoriteF,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreKoboldite:* (oreKoboldite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreKoboldite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreCrocoite:* (oreCrocoite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreCrocoite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreGeikielite:* (oreGeikielite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreGeikielite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreNichromite:* (oreNichromite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreNichromite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreTitanite:* (oreTitanite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreTitanite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreZimbabweite:* (oreZimbabweite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreZimbabweite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreZirconolite:* (oreZirconolite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreZirconolite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreGadoliniteCe:* (oreGadoliniteCe), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreGadoliniteCe,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreGadoliniteY:* (oreGadoliniteY), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreGadoliniteY,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreLepersonnite:* (oreLepersonnite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreLepersonnite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreSamarskiteY:* (oreSamarskiteY), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreSamarskiteY,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreSamarskiteYb:* (oreSamarskiteYb), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreSamarskiteYb,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreXenotime:* (oreXenotime), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreXenotime,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreYttriaite:* (oreYttriaite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreYttriaite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreYttrialite:* (oreYttrialite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreYttrialite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreYttrocerite:* (oreYttrocerite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreYttrocerite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreZircon:* (oreZircon), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreZircon,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %orePolycrase:* (orePolycrase), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%orePolycrase,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreZircophyllite:* (oreZircophyllite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreZircophyllite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreZirkelite:* (oreZirkelite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreZirkelite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreLanthaniteLa:* (oreLanthaniteLa), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreLanthaniteLa,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreLanthaniteCe:* (oreLanthaniteCe), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreLanthaniteCe,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreLanthaniteNd:* (oreLanthaniteNd), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreLanthaniteNd,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreAgarditeY:* (oreAgarditeY), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreAgarditeY,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreAgarditeCd:* (oreAgarditeCd), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreAgarditeCd,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreAgarditeLa:* (oreAgarditeLa), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreAgarditeLa,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreAgarditeNd:* (oreAgarditeNd), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreAgarditeNd,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreHibonite:* (oreHibonite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreHibonite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreCerite:* (oreCerite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreCerite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreFluorcaphite:* (oreFluorcaphite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreFluorcaphite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreFlorencite:* (oreFlorencite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreFlorencite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreCryoliteF:* (oreCryoliteF), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreCryoliteF,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreLautarite:* (oreLautarite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreLautarite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreLafossaite:* (oreLafossaite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreLafossaite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreDemicheleiteBr:* (oreDemicheleiteBr), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreDemicheleiteBr,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreComancheite:* (oreComancheite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreComancheite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %orePerroudite:* (orePerroudite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%orePerroudite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreHoneaite:* (oreHoneaite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreHoneaite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreAlburnite:* (oreAlburnite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreAlburnite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreMiessiite:* (oreMiessiite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreMiessiite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreKashinite:* (oreKashinite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreKashinite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreIrarsite:* (oreIrarsite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreIrarsite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreGreenockite:* (oreGreenockite), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreGreenockite,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreBariteRa:* (oreBariteRa), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreBariteRa,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreRadioactiveMineralMix:* (oreRadioactiveMineralMix), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreRadioactiveMineralMix,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %blockBlockTeflon:* (blockBlockTeflon), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseModular
block:id=%blockBlockTeflon,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=4B2D4B,face0-5=17000:gregtech/materialicons/SHINY/block1

# %miscutils_fluidBlockSludge:* (miscutils_fluidBlockSludge), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.general.fluids.BlockFluidSludge
block:id=%miscutils_fluidBlockSludge,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:miscutils/fluids/fluid.jackdaniels

# %blockFishTrap:* (blockFishTrap), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.machine.BlockFishTrap
block:id=%blockFishTrap,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:miscutils/TileEntities/fishtrap

# %blockInfiniteFluidTank:* (blockInfiniteFluidTank), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.general.BlockFluidTankInfinite
block:id=%blockInfiniteFluidTank,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:miscutils/TileEntities/Generic_Creative_Texture

# %blockMiningExplosives:* (blockMiningExplosives), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.general.BlockMiningExplosives
block:id=%blockMiningExplosives,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:miscutils/chrono/MetalPanel,face1=0:miscutils/chrono/MetalFunnel,face2-5=0:miscutils/chrono/MetalSheet2

# %blockHellFire:* (blockHellFire), render=(FIRE), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.general.BlockHellFire
block:id=%blockHellFire,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:miscutils/hellfire/blockHellFire_layer_0

# %blockProjectBench:* (blockProjectBench), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.machine.BlockProjectTable
block:id=%blockProjectBench,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:miscutils/TileEntities/machine_top,face1=0:miscutils/TileEntities/cover_crafting,face2-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/machine_top

# %blockBlackGate:* (blockBlackGate), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.general.antigrief.BlockWitherProof
block:id=%blockBlackGate,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=202020,face0-5=17000:miscutils/blockFrameGt

# %blockCompressedObsidian:* (blockCompressedObsidian), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.general.BlockCompressedObsidian
block:id=%blockCompressedObsidian,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/compressed/obsidian1
block:id=%blockCompressedObsidian,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/compressed/obsidian2
block:id=%blockCompressedObsidian,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/compressed/obsidian3
block:id=%blockCompressedObsidian,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/compressed/obsidian4
block:id=%blockCompressedObsidian,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/compressed/obsidian5
block:id=%blockCompressedObsidian,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/compressed/obsidian_invert
block:id=%blockCompressedObsidian,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/compressed/glowstone1
block:id=%blockCompressedObsidian,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/compressed/glowstone2
block:id=%blockCompressedObsidian,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/compressed/glowstone3
block:id=%blockCompressedObsidian,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/compressed/glowstone4
block:id=%blockCompressedObsidian,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/compressed/glowstone5

# %blockCactusCharcoal:* (blockCactusCharcoal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.fuel.BlockCactusCharcoal
block:id=%blockCactusCharcoal,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCharcoal0
block:id=%blockCactusCharcoal,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCharcoal1
block:id=%blockCactusCharcoal,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCharcoal2
block:id=%blockCactusCharcoal,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCharcoal3
block:id=%blockCactusCharcoal,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCharcoal4
block:id=%blockCactusCharcoal,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCharcoal5

# %blockCactusCoke:* (blockCactusCoke), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.fuel.BlockCactusCoke
block:id=%blockCactusCoke,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCoke0
block:id=%blockCactusCoke,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCoke1
block:id=%blockCactusCoke,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCoke2
block:id=%blockCactusCoke,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCoke3
block:id=%blockCactusCoke,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCoke4
block:id=%blockCactusCoke,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockCactusCoke5

# %blockSugarCharcoal:* (blockSugarCharcoal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.fuel.BlockSugarCharcoal
block:id=%blockSugarCharcoal,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCharcoal0
block:id=%blockSugarCharcoal,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCharcoal1
block:id=%blockSugarCharcoal,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCharcoal2
block:id=%blockSugarCharcoal,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCharcoal3
block:id=%blockSugarCharcoal,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCharcoal4
block:id=%blockSugarCharcoal,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCharcoal5

# %blockSugarCoke:* (blockSugarCoke), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.fuel.BlockSugarCoke
block:id=%blockSugarCoke,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCoke0
block:id=%blockSugarCoke,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCoke1
block:id=%blockSugarCoke,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCoke2
block:id=%blockSugarCoke,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCoke3
block:id=%blockSugarCoke,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCoke4
block:id=%blockSugarCoke,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/fuel/blockSugarCoke5

# %blockCircuitProgrammer:* (blockCircuitProgrammer), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.machine.BlockCircuitProgrammer
block:id=%blockCircuitProgrammer,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=12000:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_H,face1=12000:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_B,face2-5=12000:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_I

# %blockDecayablesChest:* (blockDecayablesChest), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.machine.BlockDecayablesChest
block:id=%blockDecayablesChest,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:miscutils/TileEntities/DecayablesChest_bottom,face1=0:miscutils/TileEntities/DecayablesChest_top,face2-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/DecayablesChest_Side

# %blockSuperJukebox:* (blockSuperJukebox), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.machine.BlockSuperJukebox
block:id=%blockSuperJukebox,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/jukebox_side,face1=0:minecraft/jukebox_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/jukebox_side

# %blockPooCollector:* (blockPooCollector), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.machine.BlockPooCollector
block:id=%blockPooCollector,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:miscutils/TileEntities/sewer_top,face2-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/sewer_sides
block:id=%blockPooCollector,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:miscutils/TileEntities/sewer_adv_top,face2-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/sewer_adv_sides

# %blockPestKiller:* (blockPestKiller), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.machine.BlockPestKiller
block:id=%blockPestKiller,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:minecraft/planks_acacia,face1=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_PESTKILLER_TOP,face2-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_FARM_MANAGER_STRUCTURAL

# %blockVolumetricFlaskSetter:* (blockVolumetricFlaskSetter), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.machine.BlockFlaskSetter
block:id=%blockVolumetricFlaskSetter,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_H,face1=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_C,face2-5=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_H

# %FluidPyrotheum:* (FluidPyrotheum), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.thermalfoundation.block.TFBlockFluidPyrotheum
block:id=%FluidPyrotheum,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:miscutils/fluid/Fluid_Pyrotheum_Still,face2-5=12000:miscutils/fluid/Fluid_Pyrotheum_Flow

# %FluidCryotheum:* (FluidCryotheum), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.thermalfoundation.block.TFBlockFluidCryotheum
block:id=%FluidCryotheum,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:miscutils/fluid/Fluid_Cryotheum_Still,face2-5=12000:miscutils/fluid/Fluid_Cryotheum_Flow

# %FluidEnder:* (FluidEnder), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.thermalfoundation.block.TFBlockFluidEnder
block:id=%FluidEnder,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:miscutils/fluid/Fluid_Ender_Still,face2-5=12000:miscutils/fluid/Fluid_Ender_Flow

# %blockRainforestOakLog:* (blockRainforestOakLog), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.bop.blocks.rainforest.LogRainforestTree
block:id=%blockRainforestOakLog,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:miscutils/trees/logs/log_rainforest_top,face2-5=0:miscutils/trees/logs/log_rainforest
block:id=%blockRainforestOakLog,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:miscutils/trees/logs/log_rainforest,face2-3=4000:miscutils/trees/logs/log_rainforest,face4-5=0:miscutils/trees/logs/log_rainforest_top
block:id=%blockRainforestOakLog,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:miscutils/trees/logs/log_rainforest,face2-3=0:miscutils/trees/logs/log_rainforest_top,face4-5=4000:miscutils/trees/logs/log_rainforest
block:id=%blockRainforestOakLog,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/trees/logs/log_rainforest

# %blockRainforestOakLeaves:* (blockRainforestOakLeaves), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.bop.blocks.rainforest.LeavesRainforestTree
block:id=%blockRainforestOakLeaves,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:miscutils/trees/leaves/leaves_rainforest
block:id=%blockRainforestOakLeaves,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:miscutils/trees/leaves/leaves_rainforest
block:id=%blockRainforestOakLeaves,data=6,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:miscutils/trees/leaves/leaves_rainforest
block:id=%blockRainforestOakLeaves,data=10,data=11,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:miscutils/trees/leaves/leaves_rainforest
block:id=%blockRainforestOakLeaves,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:miscutils/trees/leaves/leaves_rainforest

# %blockRainforestOakSapling:* (blockRainforestOakSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.bop.blocks.rainforest.SaplingRainforestTree
block:id=%blockRainforestOakSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:miscutils/trees/saplings/sapling_rainforest

# %blockPineLogLog:* (blockPineLogLog), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.bop.blocks.pine.LogPineTree
block:id=%blockPineLogLog,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:miscutils/trees/logs/log_pine_top,face2-5=0:miscutils/trees/logs/log_pine
block:id=%blockPineLogLog,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,face0-1=0:miscutils/trees/logs/log_pine,face2-3=4000:miscutils/trees/logs/log_pine,face4-5=0:miscutils/trees/logs/log_pine_top
block:id=%blockPineLogLog,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,face0-1=4000:miscutils/trees/logs/log_pine,face2-3=0:miscutils/trees/logs/log_pine_top,face4-5=4000:miscutils/trees/logs/log_pine
block:id=%blockPineLogLog,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/trees/logs/log_pine

# %blockPineLeaves:* (blockPineLeaves), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.bop.blocks.pine.LeavesPineTree
block:id=%blockPineLeaves,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:miscutils/trees/leaves/leaves_pine
block:id=%blockPineLeaves,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:miscutils/trees/leaves/leaves_pine
block:id=%blockPineLeaves,data=6,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:miscutils/trees/leaves/leaves_pine
block:id=%blockPineLeaves,data=10,data=11,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:miscutils/trees/leaves/leaves_pine
block:id=%blockPineLeaves,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:miscutils/trees/leaves/leaves_pine

# %blockPineSapling:* (blockPineSapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.bop.blocks.pine.SaplingPineTree
block:id=%blockPineSapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:miscutils/trees/saplings/sapling_pine

# %fluidSludge:* (fluidSludge), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseFluid
block:id=%fluidSludge,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:miscutils/fluid/Fluid_Sludge_Still,face2-5=12000:miscutils/fluid/Fluid_Sludge_Flow

# %dimensionDarkWorld_portal:* (dimensionDarkWorld_portal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.everglades.block.BlockEvergladesPortal
block:id=%dimensionDarkWorld_portal,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=00FF00,face0-5=17000:minecraft/portal

# %blockDarkWorldGround:* (blockDarkWorldGround), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.everglades.block.BlockDarkWorldGround
block:id=%blockDarkWorldGround,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0=17000:minecraft/dirt,face1=17000:minecraft/grass_top,face2-5=17000:minecraft/grass_side

# %blockDarkWorldGround2:* (blockDarkWorldGround2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.everglades.block.BlockDarkWorldPollutedDirt
block:id=%blockDarkWorldGround2,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:minecraft/dirt
block:id=%blockDarkWorldGround2,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0=17000:minecraft/dirt,face1=17000:minecraft/dirt_podzol_top,face2-5=17000:minecraft/dirt_podzol_side
block:id=%blockDarkWorldGround2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:minecraft/dirt

# %blockDarkWorldPortalFrame:* (blockDarkWorldPortalFrame), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.everglades.block.BlockDarkWorldPortalFrame
block:id=%blockDarkWorldPortalFrame,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_A

# %miscutils.blockcasings:* (miscutils.blockcasings), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.blocks.GregtechMetaCasingBlocks
block:id=%miscutils.blockcasings,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_CENTRIFUGE
block:id=%miscutils.blockcasings,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TANTALLOY61
block:id=%miscutils.blockcasings,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FIREBOX_BRONZE
block:id=%miscutils.blockcasings,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FIREBOX_STEEL
block:id=%miscutils.blockcasings,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TITANIUM
block:id=%miscutils.blockcasings,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_POTIN
block:id=%miscutils.blockcasings,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_MARAGINGSTEEL
block:id=%miscutils.blockcasings,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TUMBAGA
block:id=%miscutils.blockcasings,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_ORGANIC_PANEL_A_GLOWING
block:id=%miscutils.blockcasings,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_F
block:id=%miscutils.blockcasings,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/machine_top
block:id=%miscutils.blockcasings,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_GRISIUM
block:id=%miscutils.blockcasings,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_STELLITE
block:id=%miscutils.blockcasings,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_ZERON100
block:id=%miscutils.blockcasings,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_FIREBOX_STABALLOY
block:id=%miscutils.blockcasings,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_ZIRCONIUM_CARBIDE

# %gtplusplus.blockcasings.2:* (gtplusplus.blockcasings.2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.blocks.GregtechMetaCasingBlocks2
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_RED_STEEL
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_HASTELLOY_X
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_HASTELLOY_N
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_FLUID_INCOLOY_DS
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.2,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_GRISIUM
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.2,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/chrono/MetalPanel
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.2,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/chrono/MetalGrate
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.2,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/redox/redox1
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.2,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/chrono/MetalSheet
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.2,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/chrono/CyberPanel
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.2,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_RADIATIONPROOF
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.2,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TANTALLOY61
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.2,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/machine_top
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.2,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_A,face2-5=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_B
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.2,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/RENDERING_ERROR
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.2,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/log_acacia_top

# %gtplusplus.blockcasings.3:* (gtplusplus.blockcasings.3), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.blocks.GregtechMetaCasingBlocks3
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.3,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_B
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.3,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_D
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.3,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_C
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.3,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TRINIUM_NAQUADAH_VENT
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.3,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/redox/redox2
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.3,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/redox/redox3
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.3,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/redox/redox4
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.3,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/redox/redox5
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.3,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/redox/redox6
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.3,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/CASING_AMAZON
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.3,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_ADVANCED_CRYOGENIC
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.3,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_ADVANCED_VOLCANUS
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.3,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_3
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.3,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_COIL_II
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.3,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS_ULTRA
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.3,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_MAGIC_A

# %gtplusplus.blockcasings.4:* (gtplusplus.blockcasings.4), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.blocks.GregtechMetaCasingBlocks4
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.4,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TRINIUM_TITANIUM
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.4,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_C
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.4,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_ORGANIC_PANEL_A_GLOWING
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.4,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_METAL_PANEL_A
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.4,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_QFT_COIL
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/RENDERING_ERROR
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.4,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_MARAGINGSTEEL
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.4,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_STONE_RED_B,face2-5=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_STONE_RED_A
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.4,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_ROCKETDYNE
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.4,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/RENDERING_ERROR

# %gtplusplus.blockcasings.5:* (gtplusplus.blockcasings.5), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.blocks.GregtechMetaCasingBlocks5
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.5,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_T1
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.5,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_GRINDING_FACTORY
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.5,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_T1
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.5,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_D
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.5,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/chrono/MetalSheet8
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.5,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/chrono/MetalSheet9
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.5,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_TECH_PANEL_H
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.5,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:miscutils/qft/Manipulator_Top,face2-5=0:miscutils/qft/NeutronPulseManipulator
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.5,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:miscutils/qft/Manipulator_Top,face2-5=0:miscutils/qft/CosmicFabricManipulator
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.5,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:miscutils/qft/Manipulator_Top,face2-5=0:miscutils/qft/InfinityInfusedManipulator
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.5,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:miscutils/qft/Manipulator_Top,face2-5=0:miscutils/qft/SpaceTimeContinuumRipper
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.5,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/qft/NeutronShieldingCore
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.5,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/qft/CosmicFabricShieldingCore
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.5,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/qft/InfinityInfusedShieldingCore
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.5,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/qft/SpaceTimeBendingCore
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.5,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:miscutils/qft/blank,face2-5=0:miscutils/qft/ForceFieldGlass

# %gtplusplus.blockcasings.6:* (gtplusplus.blockcasings.6), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.blocks.GregtechMetaCasingBlocks6
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.6,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_4
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.6,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_COIL_III
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.6,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FUSION_GLASS_HYPER
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.6,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/_PlaceHolder

# %gtplusplus.blocktieredcasings.1:* (gtplusplus.blocktieredcasings.1), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.blocks.GregtechMetaTieredCasingBlocks1
block:id=%gtplusplus.blocktieredcasings.1,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_ULV
block:id=%gtplusplus.blocktieredcasings.1,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_LV
block:id=%gtplusplus.blocktieredcasings.1,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_MV
block:id=%gtplusplus.blocktieredcasings.1,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_HV
block:id=%gtplusplus.blocktieredcasings.1,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_EV
block:id=%gtplusplus.blocktieredcasings.1,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_IV
block:id=%gtplusplus.blocktieredcasings.1,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_LuV
block:id=%gtplusplus.blocktieredcasings.1,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_ZPM
block:id=%gtplusplus.blocktieredcasings.1,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_UV
block:id=%gtplusplus.blocktieredcasings.1,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/iconsets/TieredHulls/CASING_MAX
block:id=%gtplusplus.blocktieredcasings.1,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/RENDERING_ERROR

# %gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.1:* (gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.1), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.blocks.GregtechMetaSpecialMultiCasings
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.1,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/redox/redox1
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.1,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE_STEEL
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.1,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE_TITANIUM
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.1,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE_STAINLESSSTEEL
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.1,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_TURBINE_TUNGSTENSTEEL
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.1,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_RED_STEEL
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.1,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_MARAGINGSTEEL
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.1,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_STELLITE
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.1,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/machine_top
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.1,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_FLOTATION
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.1,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TALONITE
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.1,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_RADIATIONPROOF
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.1,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/redox/redox5
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.1,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/metro/TEXTURE_MAGIC_B
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.1,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_STABLE_TALONITE
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.1,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/iconsets/SC_TURBINE

# %gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.3:* (gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.3), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.blocks.GregtechMetaSpecialMultiCasings2
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.3,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/special/block_1
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.3,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/special/block_2
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.3,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/special/block_3
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.3,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/special/block_4
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.3,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/special/block_5
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.3,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/special/block_6
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.3,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/special/block_7
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.3,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/special/block_8
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.3,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/RENDERING_ERROR

# %gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.2:* (gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.blocks.GregtechMetaSpecialMachineCasings
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_BRONZEPLATEDBRICKS
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_FROST_PROOF
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:miscutils/TileEntities/MACHINE_CASING_LAURENIUM
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/MACHINE_HEATPROOFCASING
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockspecialcasings.2,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:gregtech/iconsets/RENDERING_ERROR

# %gtplusplus.blockcasings.pipesgears:* (gtplusplus.blockcasings.pipesgears), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=gtPlusPlus.xmod.gregtech.common.blocks.GregtechMetaCasingBlocksPipeGearbox
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.pipesgears,data=0,stdrot=true,colorMult=8B4513,face0-5=17000:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_GENERIC
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.pipesgears,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=6CF076,face0-5=17000:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_GENERIC
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.pipesgears,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=C8DCDE,face0-5=17000:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_GENERIC
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.pipesgears,data=3,stdrot=true,colorMult=D2B4F5,face0-5=17000:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_GENERIC
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.pipesgears,data=4,stdrot=true,colorMult=B4B414,face0-5=17000:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_GENERIC
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.pipesgears,data=5,stdrot=true,colorMult=3467BA,face0-5=17000:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_GENERIC
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.pipesgears,data=6,stdrot=true,colorMult=655B3E,face0-5=17000:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_GENERIC
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.pipesgears,data=7,stdrot=true,colorMult=AD94A4,face0-5=17000:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_GEARBOX_GENERIC
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.pipesgears,data=8,stdrot=true,colorMult=D0C6D5,face0-5=17000:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_GENERIC
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.pipesgears,data=9,stdrot=true,colorMult=76DC8A,face0-5=17000:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_GENERIC
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.pipesgears,data=10,stdrot=true,colorMult=C9B4F2,face0-5=17000:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_GENERIC
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.pipesgears,data=11,stdrot=true,colorMult=D2B4F5,face0-5=17000:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_GENERIC
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.pipesgears,data=12,stdrot=true,colorMult=8FA89C,face0-5=17000:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_GENERIC
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.pipesgears,data=13,stdrot=true,colorMult=A09AA2,face0-5=17000:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_GENERIC
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.pipesgears,data=14,stdrot=true,colorMult=655B3E,face0-5=17000:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_GENERIC
block:id=%gtplusplus.blockcasings.pipesgears,data=15,stdrot=true,colorMult=AD94A4,face0-5=17000:miscutils/iconsets/MACHINE_CASING_PIPE_GENERIC

# %oreRareEarthI:* (oreRareEarthI), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreRareEarthI,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreRareEarthII:* (oreRareEarthII), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreRareEarthII,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %oreRareEarthIII:* (oreRareEarthIII), render=gtPlusPlus.core.client.renderer.CustomOreBlockRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=gtPlusPlus.core.block.base.BlockBaseOre
block:id=%oreRareEarthIII,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

specialModSupportLoader:org.dynmap.modsupport.loaders.GregTechModSupportLoader,name=gtmte

moddata:mod=gtmte,type=hatchbase,block=miscutils:miscutils.blockcasings,page=0,start=64
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=hatchbase,block=miscutils:gtplusplus.blockcasings.2,page=0,start=80
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=hatchbase,block=miscutils:gtplusplus.blockcasings.3,page=0,start=96
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=hatchbase,block=miscutils:gtplusplus.blockcasings.4,page=0,start=112
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=hatchbase,block=miscutils:gtplusplus.blockcasings.5,page=1,start=0
moddata:mod=gtmte,type=hatchbase,block=miscutils:gtplusplus.blockcasings.6,page=1,start=16

specialModSupportLoader:org.dynmap.modsupport.loaders.IC2CropsSupportLoader,name=ic2crops
moddata:mod=ic2crops,crop=Force,steps=5,step0=0:miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Force.1,step1=0:miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Force.2,step2=0:miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Force.3,step3=0:miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Force.4,step4=0:miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Force.5
moddata:mod=ic2crops,crop=Hemp,steps=5,step0=0:miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Hemp.1,step1=0:miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Hemp.2,step2=0:miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Hemp.3,step3=0:miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Hemp.4,step4=0:miscutils/crop/blockCrop.Hemp.5


######################################################################################################
######################################################################################################
######################################################################################################
######################################################################################################
######################################################################################################