# PeripheralsPlusPlus 1.3.6
version:1.7
modname:PeripheralsPlusPlus


cfgfile:config/PeripheralsPlusPlus.cfg


texturepath:assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/aiChatBox,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/aiChatBox.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/beeAnalyzer,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/beeAnalyzer.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/butterflyAnalyzer,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/butterflyAnalyzer.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/chatBox,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/chatBox.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/chunkLoaderUpgrade,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/chunkLoaderUpgrade.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/environmentScanner,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/environmentScanner.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/feederUpgrade,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/feederUpgrade.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/gardenerUpgrade,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/gardenerUpgrade.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/interactiveSorter,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/interactiveSorter.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/meBridge,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/meBridge.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/noteBlock,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/noteBlock.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/oreDictionary,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/oreDictionary.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/peripheralContainer,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/peripheralContainer.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/playerInterface,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/playerInterface.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/playerSensor,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/playerSensor.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/resupplyStation,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/resupplyStation.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/rfCharger,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/rfCharger.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/ridableUpgrade,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/ridableUpgrade.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/signUpgrade,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/signUpgrade.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/speaker,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/speaker.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/tank,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/tank.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/teleporter,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/teleporter.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/teleporterFront,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/teleporterFront.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/teleporterT2Front,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/teleporterT2Front.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/timeSensor,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/timeSensor.png
texture:id=peripheralsplusplus/treeAnalyzer,filename=assets/peripheralsplusplus/textures/blocks/treeAnalyzer.png



# %chatBox:* (chatBox), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockChatBox
block:id=%chatBox,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/chatBox

# %aiChatBox:* (aiChatBox), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockAIChatBox
block:id=%aiChatBox,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/aiChatBox

# %playerSensor:* (playerSensor), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockPlayerSensor
block:id=%playerSensor,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/playerSensor

# %rfCharger:* (rfCharger), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockRFCharger
block:id=%rfCharger,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/rfCharger

# %oreDictionary:* (oreDictionary), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockOreDictionary
block:id=%oreDictionary,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/oreDictionary

# %beeAnalyzer:* (beeAnalyzer), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockAnalyzerBee
block:id=%beeAnalyzer,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/beeAnalyzer

# %treeAnalyzer:* (treeAnalyzer), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockAnalyzerTree
block:id=%treeAnalyzer,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/treeAnalyzer

# %butterflyAnalyzer:* (butterflyAnalyzer), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockAnalyzerButterfly
block:id=%butterflyAnalyzer,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/butterflyAnalyzer

# %teleporter:* (teleporter), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockTeleporter
block:id=%teleporter,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:peripheralsplusplus/teleporter,face1=0:peripheralsplusplus/teleporterFront,face2-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/teleporter

# %teleporterT2:* (teleporterT2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockTeleporterT2
block:id=%teleporterT2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:peripheralsplusplus/teleporter,face1=0:peripheralsplusplus/teleporterT2Front,face2-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/teleporter

# %environmentScanner:* (environmentScanner), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockEnvironmentScanner
block:id=%environmentScanner,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/environmentScanner

# %speaker:* (speaker), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockSpeaker
block:id=%speaker,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:peripheralsplusplus/chatBox,face2-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/speaker

# %antenna:* (antenna), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockAntenna
block:id=%antenna,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/peripheralContainer

# %peripheralContainer:* (peripheralContainer), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockPeripheralContainer
block:id=%peripheralContainer,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/peripheralContainer

# %meBridge:* (meBridge), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockMEBridge
block:id=%meBridge,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/meBridge

# %dummyBlock:* (dummyBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockDummyBlock
block:id=%dummyBlock,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/feederUpgrade
block:id=%dummyBlock,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/tank
block:id=%dummyBlock,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/signUpgrade
block:id=%dummyBlock,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/gardenerUpgrade
block:id=%dummyBlock,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/ridableUpgrade
block:id=%dummyBlock,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/chunkLoaderUpgrade

# %noteBlock:* (noteBlock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockNote
block:id=%noteBlock,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/noteBlock

# %turtle:* (turtle), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockTurtle
block:id=%turtle,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/peripheralContainer

# %timeSensor:* (timeSensor), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockTimeSensor
block:id=%timeSensor,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/timeSensor

# %interactiveSorter:* (interactiveSorter), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockInteractiveSorter
block:id=%interactiveSorter,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/interactiveSorter

# %playerInterface:* (playerInterface), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockPlayerInterface
block:id=%playerInterface,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/playerInterface

# %resupplyStation:* (resupplyStation), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.austinv11.peripheralsplusplus.blocks.BlockResupplyStation
block:id=%resupplyStation,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:peripheralsplusplus/resupplyStation
