# Railcraft 9.13.19
version:1.7
modname:Railcraft


cfgfile:config/railcraft/railcraft.cfg


texturepath:assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/
texture:id=minecraft/bedrock,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/bedrock.png
texture:id=minecraft/brick,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/brick.png
texture:id=minecraft/diamond_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/diamond_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/gold_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/gold_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/ice,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/ice.png
texture:id=minecraft/ice_packed,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/ice_packed.png
texture:id=minecraft/iron_block,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/iron_block.png
texture:id=minecraft/nether_brick,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/nether_brick.png
texture:id=minecraft/netherrack,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/netherrack.png
texture:id=minecraft/obsidian,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/obsidian.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_bottom,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_bottom.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_chiseled,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_chiseled.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_chiseled_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_chiseled_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_side,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_side.png
texture:id=minecraft/quartz_block_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/quartz_block_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/rail_normal,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/rail_normal.png
texture:id=minecraft/rail_normal_turned,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/rail_normal_turned.png
texture:id=minecraft/sandstone_bottom,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sandstone_bottom.png
texture:id=minecraft/sandstone_carved,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sandstone_carved.png
texture:id=minecraft/sandstone_normal,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sandstone_normal.png
texture:id=minecraft/sandstone_smooth,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sandstone_smooth.png
texture:id=minecraft/sandstone_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/sandstone_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/snow,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/snow.png
texture:id=minecraft/stone,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stone.png
texture:id=minecraft/stone_slab_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stone_slab_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/stonebrick,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stonebrick.png
texture:id=minecraft/stonebrick_carved,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stonebrick_carved.png
texture:id=minecraft/stonebrick_cracked,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stonebrick_cracked.png
texture:id=minecraft/stonebrick_mossy,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/stonebrick_mossy.png
texture:id=railcraft/admin.steam.producer,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/admin.steam.producer.png
texture:id=railcraft/anchor.admin,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anchor.admin.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/anchor.passive,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anchor.passive.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/anchor.personal,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anchor.personal.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/anchor.sentinel,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anchor.sentinel.png,xcount=2,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/anchor.world,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anchor.world.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/anvil_base,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/anvil_base.png
texture:id=railcraft/blast.furnace,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/blast.furnace.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/boiler.firebox.liquid,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/boiler.firebox.liquid.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/boiler.firebox.solid,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/boiler.firebox.solid.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.high,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/boiler.tank.pressure.high.png,xcount=2,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.low,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/boiler.tank.pressure.low.png,xcount=2,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/brick.abyssal,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.abyssal.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/brick.bleachedbone,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.bleachedbone.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/brick.bloodstained,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.bloodstained.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/brick.frostbound,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.frostbound.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/brick.infernal,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.infernal.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/brick.nether,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.nether.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/brick.quarried,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.quarried.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/brick.sandy,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/brick.sandy.png,xcount=6,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/cage,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cage.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/chest.metals,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/chest.metals.png
texture:id=railcraft/chest.void,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/chest.void.png
texture:id=railcraft/coke.oven,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/coke.oven.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/concrete,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/concrete.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.brick.infernal,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.brick.infernal.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.brick.sandy,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.brick.sandy.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.coke,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.coke.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.copper,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.copper.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.crushed.obsidian,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.crushed.obsidian.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.lead,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.lead.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.steel,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.steel.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.stone.abyssal,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.stone.abyssal.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.stone.quarried,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.stone.quarried.png
texture:id=railcraft/cube.tin,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/cube.tin.png
texture:id=railcraft/detector.advanced,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.advanced.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/detector.age,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.age.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/detector.animal,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.animal.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/detector.any,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.any.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/detector.empty,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.empty.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/detector.energy,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.energy.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/detector.explosive,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.explosive.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/detector.item,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.item.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/detector.locomotive,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.locomotive.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/detector.mob,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.mob.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/detector.player,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.player.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/detector.powered,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.powered.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/detector.sheep,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.sheep.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/detector.tank,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.tank.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/detector.train,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.train.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/detector.villager,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/detector.villager.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/dispenser.cart,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/dispenser.cart.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/dispenser.train,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/dispenser.train.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/electric.feeder,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/electric.feeder.png
texture:id=railcraft/electric.feeder.admin,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/electric.feeder.admin.png,xcount=2,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/engine.steam.high,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/engine.steam.high.png
texture:id=railcraft/engine.steam.hobby,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/engine.steam.hobby.png
texture:id=railcraft/engine.steam.low,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/engine.steam.low.png
texture:id=railcraft/engraving.bench,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/engraving.bench.png,xcount=4,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/feed.station,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/feed.station.png,xcount=2,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/fluids/creosote_flow,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/fluids/creosote_flow.png
texture:id=railcraft/fluids/creosote_still,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/fluids/creosote_still.png
texture:id=railcraft/fluids/steam_still,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/fluids/steam_still.png
texture:id=railcraft/flux.transformer.cap,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/flux.transformer.cap.png
texture:id=railcraft/flux.transformer.side,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/flux.transformer.side.png
texture:id=railcraft/force.track.emitter.side,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/force.track.emitter.side.png
texture:id=railcraft/frame,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/frame.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/glass,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/glass.png,xcount=1,ycount=5
texture:id=railcraft/loader.energy,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.energy.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/loader.item,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.item.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/loader.item.advanced,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.item.advanced.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/loader.liquid,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.liquid.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/loader.rf.facing,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.rf.facing.png
texture:id=railcraft/loader.rf.side,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/loader.rf.side.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.png
texture:id=railcraft/post.metal.painted,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.metal.painted.png,xcount=16,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/post.wood,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/post.wood.png
texture:id=railcraft/rock.crusher,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/rock.crusher.png,xcount=4,ycount=3
texture:id=railcraft/rolling.machine,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/rolling.machine.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.analog,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.analog.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.block.relay,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.block.relay.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.capacitor,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.capacitor.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.controller,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.controller.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.interlock,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.interlock.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.receiver,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.receiver.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.box.sequencer,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.box.sequencer.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.dual,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.dual.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.single,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.single.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.switch.lever,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.switch.lever.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.switch.motor,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.switch.motor.png
texture:id=railcraft/signal.switch.routing,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/signal.switch.routing.png
texture:id=railcraft/smoker,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/smoker.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/steam.oven,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/steam.oven.png,xcount=4,ycount=2
texture:id=railcraft/steam.trap,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/steam.trap.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/steam.trap.auto,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/steam.trap.auto.png,xcount=4,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.aluminium.gauge,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.aluminium.gauge.png,xcount=1,ycount=5
texture:id=railcraft/tank.aluminium.valve,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.aluminium.valve.png,xcount=4,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.aluminium.wall,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.aluminium.wall.png,xcount=2,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.iridium.gauge,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.iridium.gauge.png,xcount=1,ycount=5
texture:id=railcraft/tank.iridium.valve,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.iridium.valve.png,xcount=4,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.iridium.wall,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.iridium.wall.png,xcount=2,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.iron.gauge,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.iron.gauge.png,xcount=1,ycount=5
texture:id=railcraft/tank.iron.valve,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.iron.valve.png,xcount=4,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.iron.wall,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.iron.wall.png,xcount=2,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.neutronium.gauge,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.neutronium.gauge.png,xcount=1,ycount=5
texture:id=railcraft/tank.neutronium.valve,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.neutronium.valve.png,xcount=4,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.neutronium.wall,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.neutronium.wall.png,xcount=2,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.osmium.gauge,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.osmium.gauge.png,xcount=1,ycount=5
texture:id=railcraft/tank.osmium.valve,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.osmium.valve.png,xcount=4,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.osmium.wall,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.osmium.wall.png,xcount=2,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.palladium.gauge,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.palladium.gauge.png,xcount=1,ycount=5
texture:id=railcraft/tank.palladium.valve,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.palladium.valve.png,xcount=4,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.palladium.wall,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.palladium.wall.png,xcount=2,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.stainless.gauge,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.stainless.gauge.png,xcount=1,ycount=5
texture:id=railcraft/tank.stainless.valve,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.stainless.valve.png,xcount=4,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.stainless.wall,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.stainless.wall.png,xcount=2,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.steel.gauge,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.steel.gauge.png,xcount=1,ycount=5
texture:id=railcraft/tank.steel.valve,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.steel.valve.png,xcount=4,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.steel.wall,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.steel.wall.png,xcount=2,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.titanium.gauge,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.titanium.gauge.png,xcount=1,ycount=5
texture:id=railcraft/tank.titanium.valve,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.titanium.valve.png,xcount=4,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.titanium.wall,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.titanium.wall.png,xcount=2,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.tungstensteel.gauge,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.tungstensteel.gauge.png,xcount=1,ycount=5
texture:id=railcraft/tank.tungstensteel.valve,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.tungstensteel.valve.png,xcount=4,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.tungstensteel.wall,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.tungstensteel.wall.png,xcount=2,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/tank.water,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tank.water.png,xcount=2
texture:id=railcraft/tracks/track.elevator,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/tracks/track.elevator.png,xcount=2,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/trade.station,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/trade.station.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/turbine,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/turbine.png,xcount=4,ycount=1,ycount=4
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.energy,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.energy.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.item,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.item.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.item.advanced,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.item.advanced.png,xcount=3,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.liquid,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.liquid.png,xcount=5,ycount=1
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.rf.facing,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.rf.facing.png
texture:id=railcraft/unloader.rf.side,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/unloader.rf.side.png
texture:id=railcraft/wire,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/wire.png
texture:id=railcraft/air,filename=assets/railcraft/textures/blocks/air.png


# %fluid.creosote:* (fluid.creosote), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.fluids.BlockRailcraftFluid
block:id=%fluid.creosote,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:railcraft/fluids/creosote_still,face2-5=12000:railcraft/fluids/creosote_flow

# %fluid.steam:* (fluid.steam), render=net.minecraftforge.fluids.RenderBlockFluid(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.fluids.BlockRailcraftFluidFinite
block:id=%fluid.steam,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=12000:railcraft/fluids/steam_still

# %cube:* (cube), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.cube.BlockCube
block:id=%cube,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.coke
block:id=%cube,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/concrete
block:id=%cube,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.steel
block:id=%cube,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.brick.infernal
block:id=%cube,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.crushed.obsidian
block:id=%cube,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.brick.sandy
block:id=%cube,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.stone.abyssal
block:id=%cube,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.stone.quarried
block:id=%cube,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.wood
block:id=%cube,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.copper
block:id=%cube,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.tin
block:id=%cube,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.lead
block:id=%cube,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/concrete

# %anvil:* (anvil), render=(ANVIL), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.anvil.BlockRCAnvil
block:id=%anvil,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/anvil_base

# %machine.alpha:* (machine.alpha), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.machine.BlockMachine
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/anchor.world,face2-5=1:railcraft/anchor.world
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-3=2:railcraft/turbine,face4=6:railcraft/turbine,face5=2:railcraft/turbine
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/anchor.personal,face2-5=1:railcraft/anchor.personal
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=2:railcraft/steam.oven,face2-3=3:railcraft/steam.oven,face4=6:railcraft/steam.oven,face5=3:railcraft/steam.oven
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/anchor.admin,face2-5=1:railcraft/anchor.admin
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/smoker,face1=1:railcraft/smoker,face2-5=2:railcraft/smoker
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/trade.station,face2-3=1:railcraft/trade.station,face4=2:railcraft/trade.station,face5=1:railcraft/trade.station
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=7,stdrot=true,patch0=0:railcraft/coke.oven,patch1=1:railcraft/coke.oven,patch2=2:railcraft/coke.oven
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/rolling.machine,face1=1:railcraft/rolling.machine,face2-5=2:railcraft/rolling.machine
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/steam.trap,face1=2:railcraft/steam.trap,face2-5=1:railcraft/steam.trap
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/steam.trap.auto,face1=2:railcraft/steam.trap.auto,face2-5=1:railcraft/steam.trap.auto
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/feed.station,face2-5=1:railcraft/feed.station
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=12,stdrot=true,patch0=0:railcraft/blast.furnace,patch1=1:railcraft/blast.furnace,patch2=2:railcraft/blast.furnace
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/anchor.passive,face2-5=1:railcraft/anchor.passive
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.water,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.water
block:id=%machine.alpha,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=3:railcraft/rock.crusher,face1=11:railcraft/rock.crusher,face2-3=3:railcraft/rock.crusher,face4=7:railcraft/rock.crusher,face5=3:railcraft/rock.crusher

# %machine.beta:* (machine.beta), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockMachineBeta(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.machine.BlockMachine
block:id=%machine.beta,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.iron.wall,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.iron.wall
block:id=%machine.beta,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/tank.iron.gauge
block:id=%machine.beta,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.iron.valve,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.iron.valve
block:id=%machine.beta,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.low,face2-5=1:railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.low
block:id=%machine.beta,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.high,face2-5=1:railcraft/boiler.tank.pressure.high
block:id=%machine.beta,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/boiler.firebox.solid,face2-5=1:railcraft/boiler.firebox.solid
block:id=%machine.beta,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/boiler.firebox.liquid,face2-5=1:railcraft/boiler.firebox.liquid
block:id=%machine.beta,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/engine.steam.hobby
block:id=%machine.beta,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/engine.steam.low
block:id=%machine.beta,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/engine.steam.high
block:id=%machine.beta,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/anchor.sentinel,face2-5=1:railcraft/anchor.sentinel
block:id=%machine.beta,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/chest.void
block:id=%machine.beta,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/chest.metals
block:id=%machine.beta,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.steel.wall,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.steel.wall
block:id=%machine.beta,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/tank.steel.gauge
block:id=%machine.beta,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.steel.valve,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.steel.valve

# %track:* (track), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderTrack(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.tracks.BlockTrack
block:id=%track,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/rail_normal
block:id=%track,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/rail_normal_turned

# %track.elevator:* (track.elevator), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderElevator(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.tracks.BlockTrackElevator
block:id=%track.elevator,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/tracks/track.elevator
block:id=%track.elevator,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/tracks/track.elevator
block:id=%track.elevator,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/tracks/track.elevator

# %signal:* (signal), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockSignal(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.signals.BlockSignalRailcraft
block:id=%signal,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.interlock
block:id=%signal,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.dual
block:id=%signal,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.switch.motor
block:id=%signal,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.single
block:id=%signal,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.switch.lever
block:id=%signal,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.switch.routing
block:id=%signal,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.sequencer
block:id=%signal,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.capacitor
block:id=%signal,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.receiver
block:id=%signal,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.controller
block:id=%signal,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.analog
block:id=%signal,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.single
block:id=%signal,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.dual
block:id=%signal,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.box.block.relay
block:id=%signal,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/signal.switch.lever

# %stair:* (stair), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderStair(STAIRS), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.stairs.BlockRailcraftStairs
block:id=%stair,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.sandy
block:id=%stair,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.infernal
block:id=%stair,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/concrete
block:id=%stair,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/snow
block:id=%stair,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/ice
block:id=%stair,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/ice_packed
block:id=%stair,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block
block:id=%stair,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/gold_block
block:id=%stair,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/diamond_block
block:id=%stair,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound
block:id=%stair,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.quarried
block:id=%stair,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone
block:id=%stair,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained
block:id=%stair,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal
block:id=%stair,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=1:railcraft/brick.sandy
block:id=%stair,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=1:railcraft/brick.infernal

# %slab:* (slab), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderSlab(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.slab.BlockRailcraftSlab
block:id=%slab,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/snow,patch1=0:minecraft/ice,patch2=0:minecraft/ice_packed,patch3=0:minecraft/iron_block,patch4=0:railcraft/cube.steel,patch5=0:railcraft/cube.copper,patch6=0:railcraft/cube.tin,patch7=0:railcraft/cube.lead,patch8=0:minecraft/gold_block,patch9=0:minecraft/diamond_block,patch10=0:minecraft/obsidian,patch11=0:railcraft/concrete,patch12=0:railcraft/post.wood,patch13=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal,patch14=1:railcraft/brick.abyssal,patch15=2:railcraft/brick.abyssal,patch16=5:railcraft/brick.abyssal,patch17=0:railcraft/brick.infernal,patch18=1:railcraft/brick.infernal,patch19=2:railcraft/brick.infernal,patch20=5:railcraft/brick.infernal,patch21=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained,patch22=1:railcraft/brick.bloodstained,patch23=2:railcraft/brick.bloodstained,patch24=5:railcraft/brick.bloodstained,patch25=0:railcraft/brick.sandy,patch26=1:railcraft/brick.sandy,patch27=2:railcraft/brick.sandy,patch28=5:railcraft/brick.sandy,patch29=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone,patch30=1:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone,patch31=2:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone,patch32=5:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone,patch33=0:railcraft/brick.quarried,patch34=1:railcraft/brick.quarried,patch35=2:railcraft/brick.quarried,patch36=5:railcraft/brick.quarried,patch37=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound,patch38=1:railcraft/brick.frostbound,patch39=2:railcraft/brick.frostbound,patch40=5:railcraft/brick.frostbound,patch41=1:railcraft/brick.nether,patch42=2:railcraft/brick.nether,patch43=5:railcraft/brick.nether

# %lantern.stone:* (lantern.stone), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.lantern.BlockLantern
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.abyssal
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.bloodstained
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.frostbound
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.infernal
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.nether
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.quarried
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.sandy
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/sandstone_top
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone_slab_top
block:id=%lantern.stone,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.abyssal

# %lantern.metal:* (lantern.metal), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockLamp(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.lantern.BlockLantern
block:id=%lantern.metal,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block
block:id=%lantern.metal,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/gold_block
block:id=%lantern.metal,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.copper
block:id=%lantern.metal,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.tin
block:id=%lantern.metal,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.lead
block:id=%lantern.metal,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.steel
block:id=%lantern.metal,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/iron_block

# %brick.abyssal:* (brick.abyssal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%brick.abyssal,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal
block:id=%brick.abyssal,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=1:railcraft/brick.abyssal
block:id=%brick.abyssal,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.abyssal
block:id=%brick.abyssal,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=3:railcraft/brick.abyssal
block:id=%brick.abyssal,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=4:railcraft/brick.abyssal
block:id=%brick.abyssal,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=5:railcraft/brick.abyssal
block:id=%brick.abyssal,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal

# %brick.bleachedbone:* (brick.bleachedbone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%brick.bleachedbone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone
block:id=%brick.bleachedbone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=1:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone
block:id=%brick.bleachedbone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone
block:id=%brick.bleachedbone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=3:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone
block:id=%brick.bleachedbone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=4:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone
block:id=%brick.bleachedbone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=5:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone
block:id=%brick.bleachedbone,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone

# %brick.bloodstained:* (brick.bloodstained), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%brick.bloodstained,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained
block:id=%brick.bloodstained,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=1:railcraft/brick.bloodstained
block:id=%brick.bloodstained,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.bloodstained
block:id=%brick.bloodstained,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=3:railcraft/brick.bloodstained
block:id=%brick.bloodstained,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=4:railcraft/brick.bloodstained
block:id=%brick.bloodstained,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=5:railcraft/brick.bloodstained
block:id=%brick.bloodstained,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained

# %brick.frostbound:* (brick.frostbound), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%brick.frostbound,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound
block:id=%brick.frostbound,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=1:railcraft/brick.frostbound
block:id=%brick.frostbound,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.frostbound
block:id=%brick.frostbound,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=3:railcraft/brick.frostbound
block:id=%brick.frostbound,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=4:railcraft/brick.frostbound
block:id=%brick.frostbound,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=5:railcraft/brick.frostbound
block:id=%brick.frostbound,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound

# %brick.infernal:* (brick.infernal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%brick.infernal,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.infernal
block:id=%brick.infernal,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=1:railcraft/brick.infernal
block:id=%brick.infernal,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.infernal
block:id=%brick.infernal,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=3:railcraft/brick.infernal
block:id=%brick.infernal,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=4:railcraft/brick.infernal
block:id=%brick.infernal,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=5:railcraft/brick.infernal
block:id=%brick.infernal,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.infernal

# %brick.quarried:* (brick.quarried), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%brick.quarried,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.quarried
block:id=%brick.quarried,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=1:railcraft/brick.quarried
block:id=%brick.quarried,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.quarried
block:id=%brick.quarried,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=3:railcraft/brick.quarried
block:id=%brick.quarried,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=4:railcraft/brick.quarried
block:id=%brick.quarried,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=5:railcraft/brick.quarried
block:id=%brick.quarried,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.quarried

# %brick.sandy:* (brick.sandy), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%brick.sandy,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.sandy
block:id=%brick.sandy,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=1:railcraft/brick.sandy
block:id=%brick.sandy,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.sandy
block:id=%brick.sandy,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=3:railcraft/brick.sandy
block:id=%brick.sandy,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=4:railcraft/brick.sandy
block:id=%brick.sandy,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=5:railcraft/brick.sandy
block:id=%brick.sandy,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.sandy

# %brick.nether:* (brick.nether), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.brick.BlockBrick
block:id=%brick.nether,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.nether
block:id=%brick.nether,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=1:railcraft/brick.nether
block:id=%brick.nether,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/brick.nether
block:id=%brick.nether,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=3:railcraft/brick.nether
block:id=%brick.nether,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=4:railcraft/brick.nether
block:id=%brick.nether,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=5:railcraft/brick.nether
block:id=%brick.nether,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/brick.nether

# %post:* (post), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockPost(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.post.BlockPost
block:id=%post,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.wood
block:id=%post,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/concrete
block:id=%post,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal
block:id=%post,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.wood
block:id=%post,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/concrete
block:id=%post,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal
block:id=%post,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.wood

# %post.metal:* (post.metal), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockPostMetal(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.post.BlockPostMetal
block:id=%post.metal,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=1:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=2:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=3:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=4:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=5:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=6:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=7:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=8:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=9:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=10:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=11:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=12:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=13:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=14:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=15:railcraft/post.metal.painted

# %post.metal.platform:* (post.metal.platform), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockPostMetal(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.post.BlockPostMetal
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=1:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=3:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=4:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=5:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=6:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=7:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=8:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=9:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=10:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=11:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=12:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=13:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=14:railcraft/post.metal.painted
block:id=%post.metal.platform,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=15:railcraft/post.metal.painted

# %wall.alpha:* (wall.alpha), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderWall(WALL), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.wall.BlockRailcraftWall
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:railcraft/brick.infernal
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:railcraft/brick.sandy
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:railcraft/concrete
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/snow
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/ice
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/stonebrick
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/stonebrick_mossy
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/stonebrick_cracked
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/stonebrick_carved
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/nether_brick
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/brick
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/sandstone_bottom,patch1=0:minecraft/sandstone_top,patch2=0:minecraft/sandstone_normal
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-1=0:minecraft/sandstone_top,patch2=0:minecraft/sandstone_carved
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-1=0:minecraft/sandstone_top,patch2=0:minecraft/sandstone_smooth
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/obsidian
block:id=%wall.alpha,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:railcraft/brick.frostbound

# %wall.beta:* (wall.beta), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderWall(WALL), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.wall.BlockRailcraftWall
block:id=%wall.beta,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/quartz_block_bottom,patch1=0:minecraft/quartz_block_top,patch2=0:minecraft/quartz_block_side
block:id=%wall.beta,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-1=0:minecraft/quartz_block_chiseled_top,patch2=0:minecraft/quartz_block_chiseled
block:id=%wall.beta,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/iron_block
block:id=%wall.beta,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/gold_block
block:id=%wall.beta,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:minecraft/diamond_block
block:id=%wall.beta,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:railcraft/brick.abyssal
block:id=%wall.beta,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:railcraft/brick.quarried
block:id=%wall.beta,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:railcraft/brick.bloodstained
block:id=%wall.beta,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:railcraft/brick.bleachedbone
block:id=%wall.beta,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/quartz_block_bottom,patch1=0:minecraft/quartz_block_top,patch2=0:minecraft/quartz_block_side

# %glass:* (glass), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockStrengthGlass(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.aesthetics.glass.BlockStrengthGlass
block:id=%glass,data=*,transparency=TRANSPARENT,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/glass

block:id=%residual.heat,transparency=TRANSPARENT,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/air

# %detector:* (detector), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.detector.BlockDetector
block:id=%detector,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.item,face3=2:railcraft/detector.item,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.item
block:id=%detector,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.any,face3=2:railcraft/detector.any,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.any
block:id=%detector,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.empty,face3=2:railcraft/detector.empty,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.empty
block:id=%detector,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.mob,face3=2:railcraft/detector.mob,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.mob
block:id=%detector,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.powered,face3=2:railcraft/detector.powered,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.powered
block:id=%detector,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.player,face3=2:railcraft/detector.player,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.player
block:id=%detector,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.explosive,face3=2:railcraft/detector.explosive,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.explosive
block:id=%detector,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.animal,face3=2:railcraft/detector.animal,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.animal
block:id=%detector,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.tank,face3=2:railcraft/detector.tank,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.tank
block:id=%detector,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.advanced,face3=2:railcraft/detector.advanced,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.advanced
block:id=%detector,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.energy,face3=2:railcraft/detector.energy,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.energy
block:id=%detector,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.age,face3=2:railcraft/detector.age,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.age
block:id=%detector,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.train,face3=2:railcraft/detector.train,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.train
block:id=%detector,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.sheep,face3=2:railcraft/detector.sheep,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.sheep
block:id=%detector,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.villager,face3=2:railcraft/detector.villager,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.villager
block:id=%detector,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/detector.locomotive,face3=2:railcraft/detector.locomotive,face4-5=0:railcraft/detector.locomotive

# %machine.gamma:* (machine.gamma), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.machine.BlockMachine
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=2:railcraft/loader.item,face1=0:railcraft/loader.item,face2-5=1:railcraft/loader.item
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/unloader.item,face1=2:railcraft/unloader.item,face2-5=1:railcraft/unloader.item
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/loader.item.advanced,face2=1:railcraft/loader.item.advanced,face3=2:railcraft/loader.item.advanced,face4-5=1:railcraft/loader.item.advanced
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/unloader.item.advanced,face2=1:railcraft/unloader.item.advanced,face3=2:railcraft/unloader.item.advanced,face4-5=1:railcraft/unloader.item.advanced
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=2:railcraft/loader.liquid,face1=0:railcraft/loader.liquid,face2-5=1:railcraft/loader.liquid
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/unloader.liquid,face1=2:railcraft/unloader.liquid,face2-5=1:railcraft/unloader.liquid
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/loader.energy,face2=1:railcraft/loader.energy,face3=2:railcraft/loader.energy,face4-5=1:railcraft/loader.energy
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/unloader.energy,face2=1:railcraft/unloader.energy,face3=2:railcraft/unloader.energy,face4-5=1:railcraft/unloader.energy
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/dispenser.cart,face2=1:railcraft/dispenser.cart,face3=2:railcraft/dispenser.cart,face4-5=1:railcraft/dispenser.cart
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/dispenser.train,face2=1:railcraft/dispenser.train,face3=2:railcraft/dispenser.train,face4-5=1:railcraft/dispenser.train
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/loader.rf.side,face3=0:railcraft/loader.rf.facing,face4-5=0:railcraft/loader.rf.side
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-2=0:railcraft/unloader.rf.side,face3=0:railcraft/unloader.rf.facing,face4-5=0:railcraft/unloader.rf.side
block:id=%machine.gamma,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=2:railcraft/loader.item,face1=0:railcraft/loader.item,face2-5=1:railcraft/loader.item

# %machine.epsilon:* (machine.epsilon), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.machine.BlockMachine
block:id=%machine.epsilon,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/electric.feeder
block:id=%machine.epsilon,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/electric.feeder.admin
block:id=%machine.epsilon,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/admin.steam.producer
block:id=%machine.epsilon,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/force.track.emitter.side
block:id=%machine.epsilon,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/flux.transformer.cap,face2-5=0:railcraft/flux.transformer.side
block:id=%machine.epsilon,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/engraving.bench,face1=1:railcraft/engraving.bench,face2-5=3:railcraft/engraving.bench
block:id=%machine.epsilon,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/electric.feeder

# %machine.zeta:* (machine.zeta), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockMachineZeta(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.machine.BlockMachine
block:id=%machine.zeta,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.aluminium.wall,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.aluminium.wall
block:id=%machine.zeta,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/tank.aluminium.gauge
block:id=%machine.zeta,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.aluminium.valve,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.aluminium.valve
block:id=%machine.zeta,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.stainless.wall,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.stainless.wall
block:id=%machine.zeta,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/tank.stainless.gauge
block:id=%machine.zeta,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.stainless.valve,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.stainless.valve
block:id=%machine.zeta,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.titanium.wall,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.titanium.wall
block:id=%machine.zeta,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/tank.titanium.gauge
block:id=%machine.zeta,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.titanium.valve,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.titanium.valve
block:id=%machine.zeta,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.tungstensteel.wall,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.tungstensteel.wall
block:id=%machine.zeta,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/tank.tungstensteel.gauge
block:id=%machine.zeta,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.tungstensteel.valve,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.tungstensteel.valve
block:id=%machine.zeta,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.palladium.wall,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.palladium.wall
block:id=%machine.zeta,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/tank.palladium.gauge
block:id=%machine.zeta,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.palladium.valve,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.palladium.valve
block:id=%machine.zeta,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.aluminium.wall,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.aluminium.wall

# %machine.eta:* (machine.eta), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockMachineEta(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.machine.BlockMachine
block:id=%machine.eta,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.iridium.wall,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.iridium.wall
block:id=%machine.eta,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/tank.iridium.gauge
block:id=%machine.eta,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.iridium.valve,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.iridium.valve
block:id=%machine.eta,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.osmium.wall,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.osmium.wall
block:id=%machine.eta,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/tank.osmium.gauge
block:id=%machine.eta,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.osmium.valve,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.osmium.valve
block:id=%machine.eta,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.neutronium.wall,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.neutronium.wall
block:id=%machine.eta,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/tank.neutronium.gauge
block:id=%machine.eta,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.neutronium.valve,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.neutronium.valve
block:id=%machine.eta,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:railcraft/tank.iridium.wall,face2-5=1:railcraft/tank.iridium.wall

# %ore:* (ore), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.ore.BlockOre
block:id=%ore,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone
block:id=%ore,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/sandstone_bottom
block:id=%ore,data=2,data=3,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/cube.stone.abyssal
block:id=%ore,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/netherrack
block:id=%ore,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/stone

# %worldlogic:* (worldlogic), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.ore.BlockWorldLogic
block:id=%worldlogic,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/bedrock

# %firestone.recharge:* (firestone.recharge), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.items.firestone.BlockFirestoneRecharge
block:id=%firestone.recharge,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/obsidian

# %frame:* (frame), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockFrame(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.frame.BlockFrame
block:id=%frame,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=1:railcraft/frame,face1=0:railcraft/frame,face2-5=1:railcraft/frame

# %machine.delta:* (machine.delta), render=mods.railcraft.client.render.RenderBlockMachineDelta(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=mods.railcraft.common.blocks.machine.BlockMachine
block:id=%machine.delta,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/wire
block:id=%machine.delta,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:railcraft/cage,face1=1:railcraft/cage,face2-5=2:railcraft/cage
block:id=%machine.delta,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:railcraft/wire
