# Satisforestry v33a
version:1.7
modname:Satisforestry



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/
texture:id=Satisforestry/bamboo/side,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/bamboo/side.png
texture:id=Satisforestry/bamboo/top,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/bamboo/top.png
texture:id=Satisforestry/foliage/blue_mushroom_stalk,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/foliage/blue_mushroom_stalk.png
texture:id=Satisforestry/foliage/blue_mushroom_top_0,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/foliage/blue_mushroom_top_0.png
texture:id=Satisforestry/foliage/fern,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/foliage/fern.png
texture:id=Satisforestry/foliage/paleberry_empty,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/foliage/paleberry_empty.png
texture:id=Satisforestry/foliage/paleberry_new,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/foliage/paleberry_new.png
texture:id=Satisforestry/foliage/paleberry_stalk,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/foliage/paleberry_stalk.png
texture:id=Satisforestry/foliage/peach_fringe,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/foliage/peach_fringe.png
texture:id=Satisforestry/foliage/red_strands_0,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/foliage/red_strands_0.png
texture:id=Satisforestry/foliage/stalks_0,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/foliage/stalks_0.png
texture:id=Satisforestry/foliage/tiny_pink_lumps,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/foliage/tiny_pink_lumps.png
texture:id=Satisforestry/foliage/tree_vine_0,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/foliage/tree_vine_0.png
texture:id=Satisforestry/foliage/vine_0,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/foliage/vine_0.png
texture:id=Satisforestry/jungle-log,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/jungle-log.png
texture:id=Satisforestry/pink-log,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/pink-log.png
texture:id=minecraft/MISSING_ICON_BLOCK_1945_slug,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/MISSING_ICON_BLOCK_1945_slug.png
texture:id=minecraft/MISSING_ICON_BLOCK_1951_gianttreecache,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/MISSING_ICON_BLOCK_1951_gianttreecache.png
texture:id=minecraft/bedrock,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/bedrock.png
texture:id=minecraft/log_oak_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/log_oak_top.png
texture:id=satisforestry/cavespawner,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/cavespawner.png
texture:id=satisforestry/crashsite,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/crashsite.png
texture:id=satisforestry/foliage/sapling_base,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/foliage/sapling_base.png
texture:id=satisforestry/fracker/0,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/fracker/0.png
texture:id=satisforestry/fracker/1,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/fracker/1.png
texture:id=satisforestry/fracker/2,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/fracker/2.png
texture:id=satisforestry/fracker/3,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/fracker/3.png
texture:id=satisforestry/fracker/4,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/fracker/4.png
texture:id=satisforestry/fracker/5,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/fracker/5.png
texture:id=satisforestry/fracker/6,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/fracker/6.png
texture:id=satisforestry/fracker/7,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/fracker/7.png
texture:id=satisforestry/gasvent,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/gasvent.png
texture:id=satisforestry/miner/0,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/miner/0.png
texture:id=satisforestry/miner/1,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/miner/1.png
texture:id=satisforestry/miner/2,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/miner/2.png
texture:id=satisforestry/miner/3,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/miner/3.png
texture:id=satisforestry/miner/4,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/miner/4.png
texture:id=satisforestry/miner/5,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/miner/5.png
texture:id=satisforestry/miner/6,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/miner/6.png
texture:id=satisforestry/miner/7,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/miner/7.png
texture:id=satisforestry/miner/eu,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/miner/eu.png
texture:id=satisforestry/miner/rc,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/miner/rc.png
texture:id=satisforestry/miner/rf,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/miner/rf.png
texture:id=satisforestry/nodes/frackingnode,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/nodes/frackingnode.png
texture:id=satisforestry/nodes/resourcenode,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/nodes/resourcenode.png
texture:id=satisforestry/pinkleaf_fancy,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/pinkleaf_fancy.png
texture:id=satisforestry/terrain/caveshield,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/terrain/caveshield.png
texture:id=satisforestry/terrain/cracks,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/terrain/cracks.png
texture:id=satisforestry/terrain/outcrop,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/terrain/outcrop.png
texture:id=satisforestry/terrain/poisonrock_bottom,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/terrain/poisonrock_bottom.png
texture:id=satisforestry/terrain/poisonrock_side,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/terrain/poisonrock_side.png
texture:id=satisforestry/terrain/poisonrock_top,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/terrain/poisonrock_top.png
texture:id=satisforestry/terrain/pondrock,filename=assets/satisforestry/textures/blocks/terrain/pondrock.png



# %satisforestry_block_log:* (satisforestry_block_log), render=(LOG), opaque=true,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockPinkLog
block:id=%satisforestry_block_log,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:minecraft/log_oak_top,face2-5=0:Satisforestry/pink-log
block:id=%satisforestry_block_log,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:minecraft/log_oak_top,face2-5=0:Satisforestry/jungle-log
block:id=%satisforestry_block_log,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:minecraft/log_oak_top,face2-5=0:Satisforestry/pink-log
block:id=%satisforestry_block_log,data=4,data=5,face0-1=0:Satisforestry/pink-log,face2-3=4000:Satisforestry/pink-log,face4-5=0:minecraft/log_oak_top
block:id=%satisforestry_block_log,data=6,face0-1=0:Satisforestry/jungle-log,face2-3=4000:Satisforestry/jungle-log,face4-5=0:minecraft/log_oak_top
block:id=%satisforestry_block_log,data=7,face0-1=0:Satisforestry/pink-log,face2-3=4000:Satisforestry/pink-log,face4-5=0:minecraft/log_oak_top
block:id=%satisforestry_block_log,data=8,data=9,face0-1=4000:Satisforestry/pink-log,face2-3=0:minecraft/log_oak_top,face4-5=4000:Satisforestry/pink-log
block:id=%satisforestry_block_log,data=10,face0-1=4000:Satisforestry/jungle-log,face2-3=0:minecraft/log_oak_top,face4-5=4000:Satisforestry/jungle-log
block:id=%satisforestry_block_log,data=11,face0-1=4000:Satisforestry/pink-log,face2-3=0:minecraft/log_oak_top,face4-5=4000:Satisforestry/pink-log
block:id=%satisforestry_block_log,data=12,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Satisforestry/pink-log
block:id=%satisforestry_block_log,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Satisforestry/jungle-log
block:id=%satisforestry_block_log,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:Satisforestry/pink-log

# %satisforestry_block_bamboo:* (satisforestry_block_bamboo), render=Reika.Satisforestry.Render.RedBambooRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockRedBamboo
block:id=%satisforestry_block_bamboo,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:Satisforestry/bamboo/top,face2-5=0:Satisforestry/bamboo/side

# %satisforestry_block_leaves:* (satisforestry_block_leaves), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockPinkLeaves
block:id=%satisforestry_block_leaves,data=0,stdrot=true,colorMult=FFE94E78,face0-5=17000:satisforestry/pinkleaf_fancy
block:id=%satisforestry_block_leaves,data=1,stdrot=true,colorMult=FFED5A83,face0-5=17000:satisforestry/pinkleaf_fancy
block:id=%satisforestry_block_leaves,data=2,stdrot=true,colorMult=FFBA444E,face0-5=17000:satisforestry/pinkleaf_fancy

# %satisforestry_block_grass:* (satisforestry_block_grass), render=Reika.Satisforestry.Render.PinkGrassRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockPinkGrass
block:id=%satisforestry_block_grass,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:Satisforestry/foliage/peach_fringe
block:id=%satisforestry_block_grass,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:Satisforestry/foliage/tiny_pink_lumps
block:id=%satisforestry_block_grass,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:Satisforestry/foliage/red_strands_0
block:id=%satisforestry_block_grass,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:Satisforestry/foliage/blue_mushroom_stalk
block:id=%satisforestry_block_grass,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:Satisforestry/foliage/blue_mushroom_top_0
block:id=%satisforestry_block_grass,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:Satisforestry/foliage/vine_0
block:id=%satisforestry_block_grass,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:Satisforestry/foliage/stalks_0
block:id=%satisforestry_block_grass,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:Satisforestry/foliage/fern
block:id=%satisforestry_block_grass,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:Satisforestry/foliage/paleberry_new
block:id=%satisforestry_block_grass,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:Satisforestry/foliage/paleberry_empty
block:id=%satisforestry_block_grass,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:Satisforestry/foliage/paleberry_stalk
block:id=%satisforestry_block_grass,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0-5=17000:Satisforestry/foliage/tree_vine_0

# %satisforestry_block_caveshield:* (satisforestry_block_caveshield), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockCaveShield
block:id=%satisforestry_block_caveshield,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/terrain/caveshield

# %satisforestry_block_spawner:* (satisforestry_block_spawner), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockCaveSpawner
block:id=%satisforestry_block_spawner,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/cavespawner

# %satisforestry_block_gasemitter:* (satisforestry_block_gasemitter), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockGasEmitter
block:id=%satisforestry_block_gasemitter,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/gasvent

# %satisforestry_block_resourcenode:* (satisforestry_block_resourcenode), render=Reika.Satisforestry.Render.ResourceNodeRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockResourceNode
block:id=%satisforestry_block_resourcenode,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:satisforestry/nodes/resourcenode

# %satisforestry_block_terrain:* (satisforestry_block_terrain), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockTerrain
block:id=%satisforestry_block_terrain,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:satisforestry/terrain/poisonrock_bottom,face1=0:satisforestry/terrain/poisonrock_top,face2-5=0:satisforestry/terrain/poisonrock_side
block:id=%satisforestry_block_terrain,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/terrain/pondrock
block:id=%satisforestry_block_terrain,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/terrain/outcrop
block:id=%satisforestry_block_terrain,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/terrain/cracks

# %satisforestry_block_decoration:* (satisforestry_block_decoration), render=Reika.Satisforestry.Render.DecorationRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockDecoration
block:id=%satisforestry_block_decoration,data=0,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:satisforestry/terrain/caveshield
block:id=%satisforestry_block_decoration,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/terrain/caveshield

# %satisforestry_block_sapling:* (satisforestry_block_sapling), render=Reika.Satisforestry.Render.PinkGrassRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockPinkSapling
block:id=%satisforestry_block_sapling,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:satisforestry/foliage/sapling_base

# %satisforestry_block_harvester:* (satisforestry_block_harvester), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockNodeHarvester
block:id=%satisforestry_block_harvester,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/rf
block:id=%satisforestry_block_harvester,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/eu
block:id=%satisforestry_block_harvester,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/rc

# %satisforestry_block_minermulti:* (satisforestry_block_minermulti), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockMinerMulti
block:id=%satisforestry_block_minermulti,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/0
block:id=%satisforestry_block_minermulti,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/1
block:id=%satisforestry_block_minermulti,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/2
block:id=%satisforestry_block_minermulti,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/3
block:id=%satisforestry_block_minermulti,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/4
block:id=%satisforestry_block_minermulti,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/5
block:id=%satisforestry_block_minermulti,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/6
block:id=%satisforestry_block_minermulti,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/7
block:id=%satisforestry_block_minermulti,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/0
block:id=%satisforestry_block_minermulti,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/1
block:id=%satisforestry_block_minermulti,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/2
block:id=%satisforestry_block_minermulti,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/3
block:id=%satisforestry_block_minermulti,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/4
block:id=%satisforestry_block_minermulti,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/5
block:id=%satisforestry_block_minermulti,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/6
block:id=%satisforestry_block_minermulti,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/7

# %satisforestry_block_slug:* (satisforestry_block_slug), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockPowerSlug
block:id=%satisforestry_block_slug,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/MISSING_ICON_BLOCK_1945_slug

# %satisforestry_block_fracknode:* (satisforestry_block_fracknode), render=Reika.Satisforestry.Render.FrackingNodeRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockFrackingNode
block:id=%satisforestry_block_fracknode,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:satisforestry/nodes/frackingnode

# %satisforestry_block_fracknodeaux:* (satisforestry_block_fracknodeaux), render=Reika.Satisforestry.Render.FrackingNodeAuxRenderer(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockFrackingAux
block:id=%satisforestry_block_fracknodeaux,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:satisforestry/nodes/frackingnode

# %satisforestry_block_fracker:* (satisforestry_block_fracker), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockFrackingPressurizer
block:id=%satisforestry_block_fracker,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/rf
block:id=%satisforestry_block_fracker,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/eu
block:id=%satisforestry_block_fracker,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/rc

# %satisforestry_block_frackermulti:* (satisforestry_block_frackermulti), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockFrackerMulti
block:id=%satisforestry_block_frackermulti,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/fracker/0
block:id=%satisforestry_block_frackermulti,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:satisforestry/fracker/1
block:id=%satisforestry_block_frackermulti,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/fracker/2
block:id=%satisforestry_block_frackermulti,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/fracker/3
block:id=%satisforestry_block_frackermulti,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/fracker/4
block:id=%satisforestry_block_frackermulti,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/fracker/5
block:id=%satisforestry_block_frackermulti,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/fracker/6
block:id=%satisforestry_block_frackermulti,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/fracker/7
block:id=%satisforestry_block_frackermulti,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/fracker/0
block:id=%satisforestry_block_frackermulti,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:satisforestry/fracker/1
block:id=%satisforestry_block_frackermulti,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/fracker/2
block:id=%satisforestry_block_frackermulti,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/fracker/3
block:id=%satisforestry_block_frackermulti,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/fracker/4
block:id=%satisforestry_block_frackermulti,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/fracker/5
block:id=%satisforestry_block_frackermulti,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/fracker/6
block:id=%satisforestry_block_frackermulti,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/fracker/7

# %satisforestry_block_crashsite:* (satisforestry_block_crashsite), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockCrashSite
block:id=%satisforestry_block_crashsite,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/crashsite
block:id=%satisforestry_block_crashsite,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/0
block:id=%satisforestry_block_crashsite,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/1
block:id=%satisforestry_block_crashsite,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/2
block:id=%satisforestry_block_crashsite,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:satisforestry/miner/3
block:id=%satisforestry_block_crashsite,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/bedrock

# %satisforestry_block_gianttreecache:* (satisforestry_block_gianttreecache), render=(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=Reika.Satisforestry.Blocks.BlockGiantTreeCache
block:id=%satisforestry_block_gianttreecache,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/MISSING_ICON_BLOCK_1951_gianttreecache
