# terrafirmacraft 0.79.8
version:1.7
modname:terrafirmacraft



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/
texture:id=minecraft/bookshelf,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/bookshelf.png
texture:id=minecraft/cactus_bottom,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/cactus_bottom.png
texture:id=minecraft/cactus_side,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/cactus_side.png
texture:id=minecraft/cactus_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/cactus_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/crafting_table_front,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/crafting_table_front.png
texture:id=minecraft/crafting_table_side,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/crafting_table_side.png
texture:id=minecraft/crafting_table_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/crafting_table_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/fern,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/fern.png
texture:id=minecraft/ice,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/ice.png
texture:id=minecraft/lava_flow,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/lava_flow.png
texture:id=minecraft/lava_still,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/lava_still.png
texture:id=minecraft/mushroom_brown,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/mushroom_brown.png
texture:id=minecraft/mushroom_red,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/mushroom_red.png
texture:id=minecraft/planks_oak,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/planks_oak.png
texture:id=minecraft/pumpkin_face_off,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/pumpkin_face_off.png
texture:id=minecraft/pumpkin_side,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/pumpkin_side.png
texture:id=minecraft/pumpkin_top,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/pumpkin_top.png
texture:id=minecraft/reeds,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/reeds.png
texture:id=minecraft/tallgrass,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/tallgrass.png
texture:id=minecraft/torch_on,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/torch_on.png
texture:id=minecraft/vine,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/vine.png
texture:id=minecraft/water_flow,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/water_flow.png
texture:id=minecraft/water_still,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/water_still.png
texture:id=minecraft/waterlily,filename=assets/minecraft/textures/blocks/waterlily.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/GrassSide,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/GrassSide.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/GrassSideSparse,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/GrassSideSparse.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/GrassSparseOverlay,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/GrassSparseOverlay.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/GrassTop,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/GrassTop.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/Invisible,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/Invisible.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/Smoke,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/Smoke.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/Soaked Hide,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/Soaked Hide.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/String,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/String.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Ceramic Vessel Bottom,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Ceramic Vessel Bottom.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Ceramic Vessel Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Ceramic Vessel Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Ceramic Vessel Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Ceramic Vessel Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Andesite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Andesite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Basalt,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Basalt.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Chalk,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Chalk.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Chert,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Chert.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Claystone,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Claystone.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Conglomerate,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Conglomerate.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Dacite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Dacite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Diorite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Diorite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Dolomite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Dolomite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Gabbro,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Gabbro.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Gneiss,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Gneiss.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Granite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Granite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Limestone,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Limestone.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Marble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Marble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Phyllite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Phyllite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Quartzite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Quartzite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Rhyolite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Rhyolite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Rock Salt,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Rock Salt.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Schist,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Schist.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Shale,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Shale.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Slate,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Slate.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Vessel Bottom,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Vessel Bottom.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Vessel Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Vessel Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Vessel Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/clay/Clay Vessel Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_10_Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_10_Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_10_Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_10_Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_1_Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_1_Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_1_Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_1_Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_2_Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_2_Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_2_Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_2_Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_3_Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_3_Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_3_Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_3_Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_4_Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_4_Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_4_Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_4_Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_5_Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_5_Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_5_Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_5_Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_6_Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_6_Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_6_Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_6_Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_7_Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_7_Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_7_Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_7_Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_8_Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_8_Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_8_Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_8_Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_9_Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_9_Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_9_Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Anvil_9_Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows Back,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Bellows Back.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows82,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Bellows82.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows83,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Bellows83.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows84,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Bellows84.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows85,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Bellows85.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Blast Furnace Bottom Off,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Blast Furnace Bottom Off.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Blast Furnace Bottom On,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Blast Furnace Bottom On.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Blast Furnace Off,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Blast Furnace Off.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Blast Furnace On,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Blast Furnace On.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Bloomery Off,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Bloomery Off.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Bloomery On,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Bloomery On.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Charcoal,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Charcoal.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Crucible Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Crucible Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Crucible Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Crucible Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Firepit Off,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Firepit Off.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Firepit On,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Firepit On.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Forge Off,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Forge Off.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Forge On,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Forge On.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Grill Wrought Iron,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Grill Wrought Iron.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Iron Bloom,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Iron Bloom.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Log Pile End,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Log Pile End.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Log Pile Side 0,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Log Pile Side 0.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Log Pile Side 1,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Log Pile Side 1.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Meter0,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Meter0.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Meter1,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Meter1.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Meter2,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Meter2.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Meter3,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Meter3.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Meter4,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Meter4.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Meter5,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Meter5.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Meter6,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Meter6.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Meter7,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Meter7.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Meter8,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Meter8.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/MeterTop,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/MeterTop.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Molten Rock,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Molten Rock.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Molten Rock Off,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Molten Rock Off.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Quern Base,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Quern Base.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Quern Top 1,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Quern Top 1.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/devices/Quern Top 2,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/devices/Quern Top 2.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Andesite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Andesite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Basalt,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Basalt.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Chalk,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Chalk.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Chert,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Chert.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Claystone,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Claystone.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Conglomerate,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Conglomerate.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Dacite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Dacite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Diorite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Diorite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Dolomite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Dolomite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Gabbro,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Gabbro.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Gneiss,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Gneiss.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Granite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Granite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Limestone,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Limestone.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Marble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Marble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Phyllite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Phyllite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Quartzite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Quartzite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Rhyolite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Rhyolite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Rock Salt,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Rock Salt.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Schist,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Schist.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Shale,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Shale.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Slate,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/farmland/Farmland Slate.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/metal/Bismuth Bronze Trap Door,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/metal/Bismuth Bronze Trap Door.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/metal/Bismuth Trap Door,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/metal/Bismuth Trap Door.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/metal/Black Bronze Trap Door,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/metal/Black Bronze Trap Door.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/metal/Black Steel Trap Door,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/metal/Black Steel Trap Door.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/metal/Blue Steel Trap Door,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/metal/Blue Steel Trap Door.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/metal/Brass Trap Door,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/metal/Brass Trap Door.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/metal/Bronze Trap Door,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/metal/Bronze Trap Door.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/metal/Copper Trap Door,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/metal/Copper Trap Door.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/metal/Gold Trap Door,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/metal/Gold Trap Door.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/metal/Lead Trap Door,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/metal/Lead Trap Door.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/metal/Nickel Trap Door,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/metal/Nickel Trap Door.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/metal/Pig Iron Trap Door,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/metal/Pig Iron Trap Door.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/metal/Platinum Trap Door,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/metal/Platinum Trap Door.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/metal/Red Steel Trap Door,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/metal/Red Steel Trap Door.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/metal/Rose Gold Trap Door,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/metal/Rose Gold Trap Door.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/metal/Silver Trap Door,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/metal/Silver Trap Door.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/metal/Wrought Iron,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/metal/Wrought Iron.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Bismuthinite Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Bismuthinite Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Bituminous Coal Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Bituminous Coal Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Borax Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Borax Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Cassiterite Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Cassiterite Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Cinnabar Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Cinnabar Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Cryolite Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Cryolite Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Galena Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Galena Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Garnierite Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Garnierite Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Graphite Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Graphite Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Gypsum Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Gypsum Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Hematite Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Hematite Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Jet Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Jet Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Kaolinite Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Kaolinite Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Kimberlite Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Kimberlite Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Lapis Lazuli Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Lapis Lazuli Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Lignite Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Lignite Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Limonite Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Limonite Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Magnetite Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Magnetite Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Malachite Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Malachite Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Microcline Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Microcline Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Native Copper Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Native Copper Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Native Gold Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Native Gold Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Native Platinum Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Native Platinum Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Native Silver Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Native Silver Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Olivine Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Olivine Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Petrified Wood Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Petrified Wood Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Pitchblende Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Pitchblende Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Saltpeter Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Saltpeter Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Satinspar Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Satinspar Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Selenite Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Selenite Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Serpentine Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Serpentine Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Sphalerite Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Sphalerite Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Sulfur Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Sulfur Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Sulfur0,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Sulfur0.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Sulfur1,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Sulfur1.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Sulfur2,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Sulfur2.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Sulfur3,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Sulfur3.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Sylvite Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Sylvite Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/ores/Tetrahedrite Ore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/ores/Tetrahedrite Ore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/Blackberry Berry,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/Blackberry Berry.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/Blueberry Berry,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/Blueberry Berry.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/Bunchberry Berry,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/Bunchberry Berry.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/Cat Tails,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/Cat Tails.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/Cloudberry Berry,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/Cloudberry Berry.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/Cranberry Berry,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/Cranberry Berry.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/Elderberry Berry,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/Elderberry Berry.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/Golden Rod,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/Golden Rod.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/Gooseberry Berry,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/Gooseberry Berry.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/Moss,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/Moss.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/Raspberry Berry,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/Raspberry Berry.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/Snowberry Berry,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/Snowberry Berry.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/Straw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/Straw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/Strawberry Berry,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/Strawberry Berry.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/Thatch,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/Thatch.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/Wintergreen Berry,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/Wintergreen Berry.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_allium,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/flower_allium.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_blue_orchid,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/flower_blue_orchid.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_butterfly_milkweed,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/flower_butterfly_milkweed.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_calendula,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/flower_calendula.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_dandelion,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/flower_dandelion.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_houstonia,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/flower_houstonia.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_meads_milkweed,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/flower_meads_milkweed.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_nasturtium,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/flower_nasturtium.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_oxeye_daisy,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/flower_oxeye_daisy.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_rose,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/flower_rose.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_tropical_milkweed,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/flower_tropical_milkweed.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_tulip_orange,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/flower_tulip_orange.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_tulip_pink,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/flower_tulip_pink.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_tulip_red,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/flower_tulip_red.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_tulip_white,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/flower_tulip_white.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/pondweed,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/pondweed.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/seaweed,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/seaweed.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/plants/shortgrass,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/plants/shortgrass.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Andesite Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Andesite Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Andesite Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Andesite Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Basalt Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Basalt Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Basalt Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Basalt Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Chalk Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Chalk Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Chalk Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Chalk Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Chert Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Chert Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Chert Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Chert Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Claystone Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Claystone Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Claystone Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Claystone Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Conglomerate Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Conglomerate Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Conglomerate Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Conglomerate Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Dacite Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Dacite Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Dacite Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Dacite Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Diorite Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Diorite Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Diorite Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Diorite Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Dolomite Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Dolomite Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Dolomite Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Dolomite Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Fire Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Fire Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Gabbro Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Gabbro Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Gabbro Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Gabbro Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Gneiss Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Gneiss Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Gneiss Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Gneiss Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Granite Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Granite Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Granite Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Granite Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Limestone Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Limestone Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Limestone Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Limestone Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Marble Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Marble Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Marble Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Marble Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Phyllite Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Phyllite Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Phyllite Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Phyllite Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Quartzite Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Quartzite Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Quartzite Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Quartzite Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Rhyolite Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Rhyolite Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Rhyolite Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Rhyolite Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Rock Salt Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Rock Salt Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Rock Salt Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Rock Salt Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Schist Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Schist Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Schist Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Schist Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Shale Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Shale Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Shale Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Shale Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Brick,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Slate Brick.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Cobble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Slate Cobble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Raw,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Slate Raw.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Smooth,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/rocks/Slate Smooth.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Andesite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Andesite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Basalt,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Basalt.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Chalk,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Chalk.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Chert,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Chert.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Claystone,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Claystone.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Conglomerate,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Conglomerate.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Dacite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Dacite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Diorite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Diorite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Dolomite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Dolomite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Gabbro,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Gabbro.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Gneiss,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Gneiss.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Granite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Granite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Limestone,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Limestone.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Marble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Marble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Phyllite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Phyllite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Quartzite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Quartzite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Rhyolite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Rhyolite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Rock Salt,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Rock Salt.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Schist,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Schist.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Shale,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Shale.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Slate,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/sand/Sand Slate.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/seaIce,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/seaIce.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/snow,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/snow.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Andesite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Andesite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Basalt,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Basalt.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Chalk,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Chalk.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Chert,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Chert.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Claystone,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Claystone.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Conglomerate,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Conglomerate.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Dacite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Dacite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Diorite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Diorite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Dolomite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Dolomite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Gabbro,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Gabbro.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Gneiss,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Gneiss.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Granite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Granite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Limestone,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Limestone.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Marble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Marble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Phyllite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Phyllite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Quartzite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Quartzite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Rhyolite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Rhyolite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Rock Salt,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Rock Salt.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Schist,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Schist.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Shale,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Shale.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Slate,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Dirt Slate.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Andesite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Andesite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Basalt,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Basalt.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Chalk,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Chalk.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Chert,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Chert.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Claystone,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Claystone.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Conglomerate,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Conglomerate.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Dacite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Dacite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Diorite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Diorite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Dolomite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Dolomite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Gabbro,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Gabbro.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Gneiss,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Gneiss.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Granite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Granite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Limestone,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Limestone.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Marble,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Marble.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Phyllite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Phyllite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Quartzite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Quartzite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Rhyolite,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Rhyolite.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Rock Salt,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Rock Salt.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Schist,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Schist.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Shale,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Shale.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Slate,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Gravel Slate.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/soil/Peat,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/soil/Peat.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_end,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/straw bed_feet_end.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/straw bed_feet_side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/straw bed_feet_top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_end,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/straw bed_head_end.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/straw bed_head_side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/straw bed_head_top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/torch_off,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/torch_off.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/water_flow,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/water_flow.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/water_still,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/water_still.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Acacia Fence,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Acacia Fence.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Acacia Fence Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Acacia Fence Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Acacia Plank,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Acacia Plank.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Ash Fence,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Ash Fence.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Ash Fence Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Ash Fence Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Ash Plank,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Ash Plank.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Aspen Fence,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Aspen Fence.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Aspen Fence Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Aspen Fence Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Aspen Plank,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Aspen Plank.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/BarrelHoop,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/BarrelHoop.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Birch Fence,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Birch Fence.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Birch Fence Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Birch Fence Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Birch Plank,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Birch Plank.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Chestnut Fence,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Chestnut Fence.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Chestnut Fence Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Chestnut Fence Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Chestnut Plank,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Chestnut Plank.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Douglas Fir Fence,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Douglas Fir Fence.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Douglas Fir Fence Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Douglas Fir Fence Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Douglas Fir Plank,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Douglas Fir Plank.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Hickory Fence,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Hickory Fence.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Hickory Fence Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Hickory Fence Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Hickory Plank,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Hickory Plank.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Kapok Fence,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Kapok Fence.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Kapok Fence Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Kapok Fence Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Kapok Plank,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Kapok Plank.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Maple Fence,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Maple Fence.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Maple Fence Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Maple Fence Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Maple Plank,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Maple Plank.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Fence,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Oak Fence.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Fence Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Oak Fence Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Oak Plank.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Pine Fence,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Pine Fence.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Pine Fence Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Pine Fence Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Pine Plank,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Pine Plank.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Sequoia Fence,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Sequoia Fence.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Sequoia Fence Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Sequoia Fence Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Sequoia Plank,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Sequoia Plank.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Spruce Fence,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Spruce Fence.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Spruce Fence Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Spruce Fence Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Spruce Plank,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Spruce Plank.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Sycamore Fence,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Sycamore Fence.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Sycamore Fence Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Sycamore Fence Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Sycamore Plank,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Sycamore Plank.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/White Cedar Fence,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/White Cedar Fence.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/White Cedar Fence Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/White Cedar Fence Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/White Cedar Plank,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/White Cedar Plank.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/White Elm Fence,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/White Elm Fence.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/White Elm Fence Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/White Elm Fence Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/White Elm Plank,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/White Elm Plank.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Willow Fence,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Willow Fence.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Willow Fence Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Willow Fence Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/Willow Plank,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/Willow Plank.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Acacia,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/WoodSheet/Acacia.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Ash,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/WoodSheet/Ash.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Aspen,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/WoodSheet/Aspen.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Birch,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/WoodSheet/Birch.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Chestnut,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/WoodSheet/Chestnut.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Douglas Fir,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/WoodSheet/Douglas Fir.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Hickory,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/WoodSheet/Hickory.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Kapok,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/WoodSheet/Kapok.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Maple,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/WoodSheet/Maple.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Oak,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/WoodSheet/Oak.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Pine,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/WoodSheet/Pine.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Sequoia,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/WoodSheet/Sequoia.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Spruce,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/WoodSheet/Spruce.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Sycamore,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/WoodSheet/Sycamore.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/White Cedar,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/WoodSheet/White Cedar.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/White Elm,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/WoodSheet/White Elm.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Willow,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/WoodSheet/Willow.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Acacia Door Lower,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Acacia Door Lower.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Acacia Door Upper,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Acacia Door Upper.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Ash Door Lower,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Ash Door Lower.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Ash Door Upper,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Ash Door Upper.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Aspen Door Lower,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Aspen Door Lower.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Aspen Door Upper,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Aspen Door Upper.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Birch Door Lower,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Birch Door Lower.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Birch Door Upper,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Birch Door Upper.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Chestnut Door Lower,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Chestnut Door Lower.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Chestnut Door Upper,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Chestnut Door Upper.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Douglas Fir Door Lower,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Douglas Fir Door Lower.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Douglas Fir Door Upper,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Douglas Fir Door Upper.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Hickory Door Lower,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Hickory Door Lower.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Hickory Door Upper,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Hickory Door Upper.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Kapok Door Lower,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Kapok Door Lower.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Kapok Door Upper,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Kapok Door Upper.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Maple Door Lower,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Maple Door Lower.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Maple Door Upper,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Maple Door Upper.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Oak Door Lower,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Oak Door Lower.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Oak Door Upper,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Oak Door Upper.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Pine Door Lower,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Pine Door Lower.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Pine Door Upper,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Pine Door Upper.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Sequoia Door Lower,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Sequoia Door Lower.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Sequoia Door Upper,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Sequoia Door Upper.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Spruce Door Lower,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Spruce Door Lower.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Spruce Door Upper,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Spruce Door Upper.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Sycamore Door Lower,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Sycamore Door Lower.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Sycamore Door Upper,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Sycamore Door Upper.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/White Cedar Door Lower,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/White Cedar Door Lower.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/White Cedar Door Upper,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/White Cedar Door Upper.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/White Elm Door Lower,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/White Elm Door Lower.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/White Elm Door Upper,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/White Elm Door Upper.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Willow Door Lower,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Willow Door Lower.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Willow Door Upper,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/doors/Willow Door Upper.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Banana Leaves,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/fruit trees/Banana Leaves.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Banana Wood,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/fruit trees/Banana Wood.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Cherry Leaves,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/fruit trees/Cherry Leaves.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Cherry Wood,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/fruit trees/Cherry Wood.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Green Apple Leaves,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/fruit trees/Green Apple Leaves.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Green Apple Wood,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/fruit trees/Green Apple Wood.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Lemon Leaves,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/fruit trees/Lemon Leaves.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Lemon Wood,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/fruit trees/Lemon Wood.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Olive Leaves,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/fruit trees/Olive Leaves.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Olive Wood,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/fruit trees/Olive Wood.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Orange Leaves,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/fruit trees/Orange Leaves.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Orange Wood,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/fruit trees/Orange Wood.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Peach Leaves,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/fruit trees/Peach Leaves.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Peach Wood,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/fruit trees/Peach Wood.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Plum Wood,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/fruit trees/Plum Wood.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Red Apple Leaves,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/fruit trees/Red Apple Leaves.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Red Apple Wood,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/fruit trees/Red Apple Wood.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Acacia Leaves Fancy,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Acacia Leaves Fancy.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Acacia Log,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Acacia Log.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Acacia Log Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Acacia Log Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Acacia Log Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Acacia Log Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Acacia Sapling,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Acacia Sapling.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Leaves Fancy,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Ash Leaves Fancy.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Ash Log.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Ash Log Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Ash Log Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Sapling,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Ash Sapling.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Leaves Fancy,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Aspen Leaves Fancy.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Aspen Log.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Aspen Log Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Aspen Log Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Sapling,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Aspen Sapling.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Leaves Fancy,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Birch Leaves Fancy.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Birch Log.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Birch Log Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Birch Log Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Sapling,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Birch Sapling.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Leaves Fancy,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Chestnut Leaves Fancy.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Chestnut Log.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Chestnut Log Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Chestnut Log Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Sapling,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Chestnut Sapling.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Leaves Fancy,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Leaves Fancy.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Sapling,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Sapling.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Leaves Fancy,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Hickory Leaves Fancy.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Hickory Log.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Hickory Log Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Hickory Log Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Sapling,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Hickory Sapling.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Leaves Fancy,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Kapok Leaves Fancy.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Kapok Log.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Kapok Log Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Kapok Log Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Sapling,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Kapok Sapling.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Leaves Fancy,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Maple Leaves Fancy.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Maple Log.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Maple Log Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Maple Log Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Sapling,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Maple Sapling.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Oak Leaves Fancy,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Oak Leaves Fancy.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Oak Log,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Oak Log.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Oak Log Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Oak Log Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Oak Log Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Oak Log Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Oak Sapling,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Oak Sapling.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Leaves Fancy,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Pine Leaves Fancy.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Pine Log.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Pine Log Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Pine Log Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Sapling,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Pine Sapling.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Leaves Fancy,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Sequoia Leaves Fancy.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Sequoia Log.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Sequoia Log Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Sequoia Log Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Sapling,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Sequoia Sapling.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Leaves Fancy,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Spruce Leaves Fancy.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Spruce Log.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Spruce Log Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Spruce Log Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Sapling,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Spruce Sapling.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Leaves Fancy,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Sycamore Leaves Fancy.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Sycamore Log.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Sycamore Log Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Sycamore Log Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Sapling,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Sycamore Sapling.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Leaves Fancy,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/White Cedar Leaves Fancy.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/White Cedar Log.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/White Cedar Log Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/White Cedar Log Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Sapling,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/White Cedar Sapling.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Leaves Fancy,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/White Elm Leaves Fancy.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/White Elm Log.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/White Elm Log Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/White Elm Log Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Sapling,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/White Elm Sapling.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Leaves Fancy,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Willow Leaves Fancy.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Willow Log.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log Side,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Willow Log Side.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log Top,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Willow Log Top.png
texture:id=terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Sapling,filename=assets/terrafirmacraft/textures/blocks/wood/trees/Willow Sapling.png



# %Ore1:* (Ore1), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockOre
block:id=%Ore1,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Native Copper Ore
block:id=%Ore1,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Native Gold Ore
block:id=%Ore1,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Native Platinum Ore
block:id=%Ore1,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Hematite Ore
block:id=%Ore1,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Native Silver Ore
block:id=%Ore1,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Cassiterite Ore
block:id=%Ore1,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Galena Ore
block:id=%Ore1,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Bismuthinite Ore
block:id=%Ore1,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Garnierite Ore
block:id=%Ore1,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Malachite Ore
block:id=%Ore1,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Magnetite Ore
block:id=%Ore1,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Limonite Ore
block:id=%Ore1,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Sphalerite Ore
block:id=%Ore1,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Tetrahedrite Ore
block:id=%Ore1,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Bituminous Coal Ore
block:id=%Ore1,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Lignite Ore

# %Ore2:* (Ore2), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockOre2
block:id=%Ore2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Kaolinite Ore
block:id=%Ore2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Gypsum Ore
block:id=%Ore2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Satinspar Ore
block:id=%Ore2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Selenite Ore
block:id=%Ore2,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Graphite Ore
block:id=%Ore2,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Kimberlite Ore
block:id=%Ore2,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Petrified Wood Ore
block:id=%Ore2,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Sulfur Ore
block:id=%Ore2,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Jet Ore
block:id=%Ore2,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Microcline Ore
block:id=%Ore2,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Pitchblende Ore
block:id=%Ore2,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Cinnabar Ore
block:id=%Ore2,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Cryolite Ore
block:id=%Ore2,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Saltpeter Ore
block:id=%Ore2,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Serpentine Ore
block:id=%Ore2,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Sylvite Ore

# %Ore3:* (Ore3), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockOre3
block:id=%Ore3,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Borax Ore
block:id=%Ore3,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Olivine Ore
block:id=%Ore3,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Lapis Lazuli Ore

# %StoneIgIn:* (StoneIgIn), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockIgIn
block:id=%StoneIgIn,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Raw
block:id=%StoneIgIn,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Raw
block:id=%StoneIgIn,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Raw
block:id=%StoneIgIn,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Raw
block:id=%StoneIgIn,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Raw
block:id=%StoneIgIn,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Raw
block:id=%StoneIgIn,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Raw

# %StoneIgEx:* (StoneIgEx), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockIgEx
block:id=%StoneIgEx,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Raw
block:id=%StoneIgEx,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Raw
block:id=%StoneIgEx,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Raw
block:id=%StoneIgEx,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Raw
block:id=%StoneIgEx,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Raw
block:id=%StoneIgEx,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Raw
block:id=%StoneIgEx,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Raw
block:id=%StoneIgEx,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Raw
block:id=%StoneIgEx,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Raw

# %StoneSed:* (StoneSed), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockSed
block:id=%StoneSed,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Raw
block:id=%StoneSed,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Raw
block:id=%StoneSed,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Raw
block:id=%StoneSed,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Raw
block:id=%StoneSed,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Raw
block:id=%StoneSed,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Raw
block:id=%StoneSed,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Raw
block:id=%StoneSed,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Raw
block:id=%StoneSed,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Raw
block:id=%StoneSed,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Raw
block:id=%StoneSed,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Raw
block:id=%StoneSed,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Raw
block:id=%StoneSed,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Raw
block:id=%StoneSed,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Raw
block:id=%StoneSed,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Raw
block:id=%StoneSed,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Raw

# %StoneMM:* (StoneMM), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockMM
block:id=%StoneMM,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Raw
block:id=%StoneMM,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Raw
block:id=%StoneMM,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Raw
block:id=%StoneMM,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Raw
block:id=%StoneMM,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Raw
block:id=%StoneMM,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Raw
block:id=%StoneMM,data=6,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Raw
block:id=%StoneMM,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Raw
block:id=%StoneMM,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Raw
block:id=%StoneMM,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Raw
block:id=%StoneMM,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Raw
block:id=%StoneMM,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Raw
block:id=%StoneMM,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Raw

# %StoneIgInCobble:* (StoneIgInCobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockIgInCobble
block:id=%StoneIgInCobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Cobble
block:id=%StoneIgInCobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Cobble
block:id=%StoneIgInCobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Cobble
block:id=%StoneIgInCobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Cobble
block:id=%StoneIgInCobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Cobble
block:id=%StoneIgInCobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Cobble

# %StoneIgExCobble:* (StoneIgExCobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockIgExCobble
block:id=%StoneIgExCobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Cobble
block:id=%StoneIgExCobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Cobble
block:id=%StoneIgExCobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Cobble
block:id=%StoneIgExCobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Cobble
block:id=%StoneIgExCobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Cobble
block:id=%StoneIgExCobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Cobble
block:id=%StoneIgExCobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Cobble
block:id=%StoneIgExCobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Cobble

# %StoneSedCobble:* (StoneSedCobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockSedCobble
block:id=%StoneSedCobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Cobble
block:id=%StoneSedCobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Cobble
block:id=%StoneSedCobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Cobble
block:id=%StoneSedCobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Cobble
block:id=%StoneSedCobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Cobble
block:id=%StoneSedCobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Cobble
block:id=%StoneSedCobble,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Cobble
block:id=%StoneSedCobble,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Cobble
block:id=%StoneSedCobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Cobble
block:id=%StoneSedCobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Cobble
block:id=%StoneSedCobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Cobble
block:id=%StoneSedCobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Cobble
block:id=%StoneSedCobble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Cobble
block:id=%StoneSedCobble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Cobble
block:id=%StoneSedCobble,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Cobble
block:id=%StoneSedCobble,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Cobble

# %StoneMMCobble:* (StoneMMCobble), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockMMCobble
block:id=%StoneMMCobble,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Cobble
block:id=%StoneMMCobble,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Cobble
block:id=%StoneMMCobble,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Cobble
block:id=%StoneMMCobble,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Cobble
block:id=%StoneMMCobble,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Cobble
block:id=%StoneMMCobble,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Cobble
block:id=%StoneMMCobble,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Cobble
block:id=%StoneMMCobble,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Cobble
block:id=%StoneMMCobble,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Cobble
block:id=%StoneMMCobble,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Cobble
block:id=%StoneMMCobble,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Cobble
block:id=%StoneMMCobble,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Cobble

# %StoneIgInSmooth:* (StoneIgInSmooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockIgInSmooth
block:id=%StoneIgInSmooth,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Smooth
block:id=%StoneIgInSmooth,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Smooth
block:id=%StoneIgInSmooth,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Smooth
block:id=%StoneIgInSmooth,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Smooth
block:id=%StoneIgInSmooth,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Smooth
block:id=%StoneIgInSmooth,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Smooth

# %StoneIgExSmooth:* (StoneIgExSmooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockIgExSmooth
block:id=%StoneIgExSmooth,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Smooth
block:id=%StoneIgExSmooth,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Smooth
block:id=%StoneIgExSmooth,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Smooth
block:id=%StoneIgExSmooth,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Smooth
block:id=%StoneIgExSmooth,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Smooth
block:id=%StoneIgExSmooth,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Smooth
block:id=%StoneIgExSmooth,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Smooth
block:id=%StoneIgExSmooth,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Smooth

# %StoneSedSmooth:* (StoneSedSmooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockSedSmooth
block:id=%StoneSedSmooth,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Smooth
block:id=%StoneSedSmooth,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Smooth
block:id=%StoneSedSmooth,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Smooth
block:id=%StoneSedSmooth,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Smooth
block:id=%StoneSedSmooth,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Smooth
block:id=%StoneSedSmooth,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Smooth
block:id=%StoneSedSmooth,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Smooth
block:id=%StoneSedSmooth,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Smooth
block:id=%StoneSedSmooth,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Smooth
block:id=%StoneSedSmooth,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Smooth
block:id=%StoneSedSmooth,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Smooth
block:id=%StoneSedSmooth,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Smooth
block:id=%StoneSedSmooth,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Smooth
block:id=%StoneSedSmooth,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Smooth
block:id=%StoneSedSmooth,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Smooth
block:id=%StoneSedSmooth,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Smooth

# %StoneMMSmooth:* (StoneMMSmooth), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockMMSmooth
block:id=%StoneMMSmooth,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Smooth
block:id=%StoneMMSmooth,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Smooth
block:id=%StoneMMSmooth,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Smooth
block:id=%StoneMMSmooth,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Smooth
block:id=%StoneMMSmooth,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Smooth
block:id=%StoneMMSmooth,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Smooth
block:id=%StoneMMSmooth,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Smooth
block:id=%StoneMMSmooth,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Smooth
block:id=%StoneMMSmooth,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Smooth
block:id=%StoneMMSmooth,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Smooth
block:id=%StoneMMSmooth,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Smooth
block:id=%StoneMMSmooth,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Smooth

# %StoneIgInBrick:* (StoneIgInBrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockIgInBrick
block:id=%StoneIgInBrick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Brick
block:id=%StoneIgInBrick,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Brick
block:id=%StoneIgInBrick,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Brick
block:id=%StoneIgInBrick,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Brick
block:id=%StoneIgInBrick,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Brick
block:id=%StoneIgInBrick,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Brick

# %StoneIgExBrick:* (StoneIgExBrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockIgExBrick
block:id=%StoneIgExBrick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Brick
block:id=%StoneIgExBrick,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Brick
block:id=%StoneIgExBrick,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Brick
block:id=%StoneIgExBrick,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Brick
block:id=%StoneIgExBrick,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Brick
block:id=%StoneIgExBrick,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Brick
block:id=%StoneIgExBrick,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Brick
block:id=%StoneIgExBrick,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Brick

# %StoneSedBrick:* (StoneSedBrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockSedBrick
block:id=%StoneSedBrick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Brick
block:id=%StoneSedBrick,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Brick
block:id=%StoneSedBrick,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Brick
block:id=%StoneSedBrick,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Brick
block:id=%StoneSedBrick,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Brick
block:id=%StoneSedBrick,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Brick
block:id=%StoneSedBrick,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Brick
block:id=%StoneSedBrick,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Brick
block:id=%StoneSedBrick,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Brick
block:id=%StoneSedBrick,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Brick
block:id=%StoneSedBrick,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Brick
block:id=%StoneSedBrick,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Brick
block:id=%StoneSedBrick,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Brick
block:id=%StoneSedBrick,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Brick
block:id=%StoneSedBrick,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Brick
block:id=%StoneSedBrick,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Brick

# %StoneMMBrick:* (StoneMMBrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockMMBrick
block:id=%StoneMMBrick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Brick
block:id=%StoneMMBrick,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Brick
block:id=%StoneMMBrick,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Brick
block:id=%StoneMMBrick,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Brick
block:id=%StoneMMBrick,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Brick
block:id=%StoneMMBrick,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Brick
block:id=%StoneMMBrick,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Brick
block:id=%StoneMMBrick,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Brick
block:id=%StoneMMBrick,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Brick
block:id=%StoneMMBrick,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Brick
block:id=%StoneMMBrick,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Brick
block:id=%StoneMMBrick,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Brick

# %Dirt:* (Dirt), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockDirt
block:id=%Dirt,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Granite
block:id=%Dirt,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Diorite
block:id=%Dirt,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Gabbro
block:id=%Dirt,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Shale
block:id=%Dirt,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Claystone
block:id=%Dirt,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Rock Salt
block:id=%Dirt,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Limestone
block:id=%Dirt,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Conglomerate
block:id=%Dirt,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Dolomite
block:id=%Dirt,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Chert
block:id=%Dirt,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Chalk
block:id=%Dirt,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Rhyolite
block:id=%Dirt,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Basalt
block:id=%Dirt,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Andesite
block:id=%Dirt,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Dacite
block:id=%Dirt,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Quartzite

# %Dirt2:* (Dirt2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockDirt
block:id=%Dirt2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Slate
block:id=%Dirt2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Phyllite
block:id=%Dirt2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Schist
block:id=%Dirt2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Gneiss
block:id=%Dirt2,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Marble

# %Sand:* (Sand), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockSand
block:id=%Sand,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Granite
block:id=%Sand,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Diorite
block:id=%Sand,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Gabbro
block:id=%Sand,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Shale
block:id=%Sand,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Claystone
block:id=%Sand,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Rock Salt
block:id=%Sand,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Limestone
block:id=%Sand,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Conglomerate
block:id=%Sand,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Dolomite
block:id=%Sand,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Chert
block:id=%Sand,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Chalk
block:id=%Sand,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Rhyolite
block:id=%Sand,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Basalt
block:id=%Sand,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Andesite
block:id=%Sand,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Dacite
block:id=%Sand,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Quartzite

# %Sand2:* (Sand2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockSand
block:id=%Sand2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Slate
block:id=%Sand2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Phyllite
block:id=%Sand2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Schist
block:id=%Sand2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Gneiss
block:id=%Sand2,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/sand/Sand Marble

# %Clay:* (Clay), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockClay
block:id=%Clay,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Granite
block:id=%Clay,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Diorite
block:id=%Clay,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Gabbro
block:id=%Clay,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Shale
block:id=%Clay,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Claystone
block:id=%Clay,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Rock Salt
block:id=%Clay,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Limestone
block:id=%Clay,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Conglomerate
block:id=%Clay,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Dolomite
block:id=%Clay,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Chert
block:id=%Clay,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Chalk
block:id=%Clay,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Rhyolite
block:id=%Clay,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Basalt
block:id=%Clay,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Andesite
block:id=%Clay,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Dacite
block:id=%Clay,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Quartzite

# %Clay2:* (Clay2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockClay
block:id=%Clay2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Slate
block:id=%Clay2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Phyllite
block:id=%Clay2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Schist
block:id=%Clay2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Gneiss
block:id=%Clay2,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Marble

# %Grass:* (Grass), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Handlers.Client.BlockRenderHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockGrass
block:id=%Grass,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0=17000:terrafirmacraft/Invisible,face1=17000:terrafirmacraft/GrassTop,face2-5=17000:terrafirmacraft/GrassSide

# %Grass2:* (Grass2), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Handlers.Client.BlockRenderHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockGrass
block:id=%Grass2,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0=17000:terrafirmacraft/Invisible,face1=17000:terrafirmacraft/GrassTop,face2-5=17000:terrafirmacraft/GrassSide

# %ClayGrass:* (ClayGrass), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Handlers.Client.BlockRenderHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockClayGrass
block:id=%ClayGrass,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0=17000:terrafirmacraft/Invisible,face1=17000:terrafirmacraft/GrassTop,face2-5=17000:terrafirmacraft/GrassSide

# %ClayGrass2:* (ClayGrass2), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Handlers.Client.BlockRenderHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockClayGrass
block:id=%ClayGrass2,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0=17000:terrafirmacraft/Invisible,face1=17000:terrafirmacraft/GrassTop,face2-5=17000:terrafirmacraft/GrassSide

# %PeatGrass:* (PeatGrass), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Handlers.Client.BlockRenderHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockPeatGrass
block:id=%PeatGrass,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0=17000:terrafirmacraft/Invisible,face1=17000:terrafirmacraft/GrassTop,face2-5=17000:terrafirmacraft/GrassSide

# %Peat:* (Peat), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockPeat
block:id=%Peat,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Peat

# %DryGrass:* (DryGrass), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Handlers.Client.BlockRenderHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockDryGrass
block:id=%DryGrass,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0=17000:terrafirmacraft/Invisible,face1=17000:terrafirmacraft/GrassSparseOverlay,face2-5=17000:terrafirmacraft/GrassSideSparse

# %DryGrass2:* (DryGrass2), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Handlers.Client.BlockRenderHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockDryGrass
block:id=%DryGrass2,data=*,stdrot=true,colorMult=FF7CBD6B,face0=17000:terrafirmacraft/Invisible,face1=17000:terrafirmacraft/GrassSparseOverlay,face2-5=17000:terrafirmacraft/GrassSideSparse

# %TallGrass:* (TallGrass), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomTallGrass
block:id=%TallGrass,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/tallgrass
block:id=%TallGrass,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=2000:minecraft/fern
block:id=%TallGrass,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=2000:terrafirmacraft/plants/shortgrass
block:id=%TallGrass,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=2000:minecraft/tallgrass

# %LooseRock:* (LooseRock), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockWorldItem
block:id=%LooseRock,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/Invisible

# %LogPile:* (LogPile), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockLogPile
block:id=%LogPile,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Log Pile Side 1,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Log Pile End,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Log Pile Side 0
block:id=%LogPile,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Log Pile Side 0,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Log Pile End
block:id=%LogPile,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Log Pile Side 1,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Log Pile End,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Log Pile Side 0
block:id=%LogPile,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Log Pile Side 0,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Log Pile End
block:id=%LogPile,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Log Pile Side 0

# %Charcoal:* (Charcoal), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockCharcoal
block:id=%Charcoal,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Charcoal
block:id=%Charcoal,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Charcoal
block:id=%Charcoal,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Charcoal

# %tilledSoil:* (tilledSoil), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockFarmland
block:id=%tilledSoil,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Granite,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Granite,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Granite
block:id=%tilledSoil,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Diorite,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Diorite,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Diorite
block:id=%tilledSoil,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Gabbro,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Gabbro,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Gabbro
block:id=%tilledSoil,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Shale,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Shale,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Shale
block:id=%tilledSoil,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Claystone,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Claystone,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Claystone
block:id=%tilledSoil,data=5,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Rock Salt,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Rock Salt,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Rock Salt
block:id=%tilledSoil,data=6,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Limestone,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Limestone,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Limestone
block:id=%tilledSoil,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Conglomerate,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Conglomerate,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Conglomerate
block:id=%tilledSoil,data=8,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Dolomite,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Dolomite,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Dolomite
block:id=%tilledSoil,data=9,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Chert,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Chert,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Chert
block:id=%tilledSoil,data=10,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Chalk,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Chalk,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Chalk
block:id=%tilledSoil,data=11,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Rhyolite,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Rhyolite,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Rhyolite
block:id=%tilledSoil,data=12,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Basalt,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Basalt,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Basalt
block:id=%tilledSoil,data=13,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Andesite,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Andesite,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Andesite
block:id=%tilledSoil,data=14,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Dacite,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Dacite,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Dacite
block:id=%tilledSoil,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Quartzite,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Quartzite,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Quartzite

# %tilledSoil2:* (tilledSoil2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockFarmland
block:id=%tilledSoil2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Slate,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Slate,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Slate
block:id=%tilledSoil2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Phyllite,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Phyllite,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Phyllite
block:id=%tilledSoil2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Schist,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Schist,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Schist
block:id=%tilledSoil2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Gneiss,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Gneiss,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Gneiss
block:id=%tilledSoil2,data=4,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Marble,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/farmland/Farmland Marble,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Marble
block:id=%tilledSoil2,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Marble,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Dirt Marble

# %WoodSupportV:* (WoodSupportV), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderSupportBeam(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockWoodSupport
block:id=%WoodSupportV,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Oak
block:id=%WoodSupportV,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Aspen
block:id=%WoodSupportV,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Birch
block:id=%WoodSupportV,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Chestnut
block:id=%WoodSupportV,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Douglas Fir
block:id=%WoodSupportV,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Hickory
block:id=%WoodSupportV,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Maple
block:id=%WoodSupportV,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Ash
block:id=%WoodSupportV,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Pine
block:id=%WoodSupportV,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Sequoia
block:id=%WoodSupportV,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Spruce
block:id=%WoodSupportV,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Sycamore
block:id=%WoodSupportV,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/White Cedar
block:id=%WoodSupportV,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/White Elm
block:id=%WoodSupportV,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Willow
block:id=%WoodSupportV,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Kapok

# %WoodSupportH:* (WoodSupportH), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderSupportBeam(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockWoodSupport
block:id=%WoodSupportH,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Oak
block:id=%WoodSupportH,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Aspen
block:id=%WoodSupportH,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Birch
block:id=%WoodSupportH,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Chestnut
block:id=%WoodSupportH,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Douglas Fir
block:id=%WoodSupportH,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Hickory
block:id=%WoodSupportH,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Maple
block:id=%WoodSupportH,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Ash
block:id=%WoodSupportH,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Pine
block:id=%WoodSupportH,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Sequoia
block:id=%WoodSupportH,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Spruce
block:id=%WoodSupportH,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Sycamore
block:id=%WoodSupportH,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/White Cedar
block:id=%WoodSupportH,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/White Elm
block:id=%WoodSupportH,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Willow
block:id=%WoodSupportH,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Kapok

# %WoodSupportV2:* (WoodSupportV2), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderSupportBeam(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockWoodSupport2
block:id=%WoodSupportV2,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Acacia

# %WoodSupportH2:* (WoodSupportH2), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderSupportBeam(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockWoodSupport2
block:id=%WoodSupportH2,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Acacia

# %Sulfur:* (Sulfur), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Handlers.Client.BlockRenderHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockSulfur
block:id=%Sulfur,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Sulfur0
block:id=%Sulfur,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Sulfur1
block:id=%Sulfur,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Sulfur2
block:id=%Sulfur,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/ores/Sulfur3

# %log:* (log), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Flora.BlockLogNatural
block:id=%log,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Oak Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Oak Log
block:id=%log,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log
block:id=%log,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log
block:id=%log,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log
block:id=%log,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log
block:id=%log,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log
block:id=%log,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log
block:id=%log,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log
block:id=%log,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log
block:id=%log,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log
block:id=%log,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log
block:id=%log,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log
block:id=%log,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log
block:id=%log,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log
block:id=%log,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log
block:id=%log,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log

# %log2:* (log2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Flora.BlockLogNatural2
block:id=%log2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Acacia Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Acacia Log
block:id=%log2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log
block:id=%log2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log
block:id=%log2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log
block:id=%log2,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log
block:id=%log2,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log
block:id=%log2,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log
block:id=%log2,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log
block:id=%log2,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log
block:id=%log2,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log
block:id=%log2,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log
block:id=%log2,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log
block:id=%log2,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log
block:id=%log2,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log
block:id=%log2,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log
block:id=%log2,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log

# %leaves:* (leaves), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomLeaves
block:id=%leaves,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Oak Leaves Fancy
block:id=%leaves,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Leaves Fancy
block:id=%leaves,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Leaves Fancy
block:id=%leaves,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Leaves Fancy
block:id=%leaves,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Leaves Fancy
block:id=%leaves,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Leaves Fancy
block:id=%leaves,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Leaves Fancy
block:id=%leaves,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Leaves Fancy
block:id=%leaves,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Leaves Fancy
block:id=%leaves,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Leaves Fancy
block:id=%leaves,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Leaves Fancy
block:id=%leaves,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Leaves Fancy
block:id=%leaves,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Leaves Fancy
block:id=%leaves,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Leaves Fancy
block:id=%leaves,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Leaves Fancy
block:id=%leaves,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Leaves Fancy

# %leaves2:* (leaves2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomLeaves2
block:id=%leaves2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=2000:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Acacia Leaves Fancy

# %sapling:* (sapling), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Flora.BlockSapling
block:id=%sapling,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Oak Sapling
block:id=%sapling,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Sapling
block:id=%sapling,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Sapling
block:id=%sapling,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Sapling
block:id=%sapling,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Sapling
block:id=%sapling,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Sapling
block:id=%sapling,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Sapling
block:id=%sapling,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Sapling
block:id=%sapling,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Sapling
block:id=%sapling,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Sapling
block:id=%sapling,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Sapling
block:id=%sapling,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Sapling
block:id=%sapling,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Sapling
block:id=%sapling,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Sapling
block:id=%sapling,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Sapling
block:id=%sapling,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Sapling

# %sapling2:* (sapling2), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Flora.BlockSapling2
block:id=%sapling2,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Acacia Sapling

# %planks:* (planks), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockPlanks
block:id=%planks,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank
block:id=%planks,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Aspen Plank
block:id=%planks,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Birch Plank
block:id=%planks,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Chestnut Plank
block:id=%planks,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Douglas Fir Plank
block:id=%planks,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Hickory Plank
block:id=%planks,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Maple Plank
block:id=%planks,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Ash Plank
block:id=%planks,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Pine Plank
block:id=%planks,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Sequoia Plank
block:id=%planks,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Spruce Plank
block:id=%planks,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Sycamore Plank
block:id=%planks,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/White Cedar Plank
block:id=%planks,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/White Elm Plank
block:id=%planks,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Willow Plank
block:id=%planks,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Kapok Plank

# %planks2:* (planks2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockPlanks2
block:id=%planks2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Acacia Plank

# %Firepit:* (Firepit), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Handlers.Client.BlockRenderHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockFirepit
block:id=%Firepit,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Firepit Off
block:id=%Firepit,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Firepit On

# %Bellows:* (Bellows), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderBellows(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockBellows
block:id=%Bellows,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows82,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows Back,face4=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows84,face5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows83
block:id=%Bellows,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows83,face2=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows84,face3=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows83,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows Back
block:id=%Bellows,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows85,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows Back,face4=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows83,face5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows84
block:id=%Bellows,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows84,face2=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows83,face3=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows84,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows Back
block:id=%Bellows,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bellows82

# %Anvil:* (Anvil), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderAnvil(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockAnvil
block:id=%Anvil,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Raw
block:id=%Anvil,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_1_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_1_Side
block:id=%Anvil,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_2_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_2_Side
block:id=%Anvil,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_3_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_3_Side
block:id=%Anvil,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_4_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_4_Side
block:id=%Anvil,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_5_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_5_Side
block:id=%Anvil,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_6_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_6_Side
block:id=%Anvil,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_7_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_7_Side
block:id=%Anvil,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_1_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_1_Side
block:id=%Anvil,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_2_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_2_Side
block:id=%Anvil,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_3_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_3_Side
block:id=%Anvil,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_4_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_4_Side
block:id=%Anvil,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_5_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_5_Side
block:id=%Anvil,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_6_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_6_Side
block:id=%Anvil,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_7_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_7_Side

# %Anvil2:* (Anvil2), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderAnvil(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockAnvil
block:id=%Anvil2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_8_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_8_Side
block:id=%Anvil2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_9_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_9_Side
block:id=%Anvil2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_10_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_10_Side
block:id=%Anvil2,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_8_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_8_Side
block:id=%Anvil2,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_9_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_9_Side
block:id=%Anvil2,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_10_Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Anvil_10_Side

# %Forge:* (Forge), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Handlers.Client.BlockRenderHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockForge
block:id=%Forge,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Forge Off
block:id=%Forge,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Forge On

# %Molten:* (Molten), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockMolten
block:id=%Molten,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Molten Rock Off
block:id=%Molten,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Molten Rock Off
block:id=%Molten,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Molten Rock
block:id=%Molten,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Molten Rock

# %Bloomery:* (Bloomery), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockBlastFurnace
block:id=%Bloomery,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Blast Furnace Bottom Off,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Blast Furnace Off
block:id=%Bloomery,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Blast Furnace Bottom On,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Blast Furnace On
block:id=%Bloomery,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Blast Furnace Bottom Off,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Blast Furnace Off
block:id=%Bloomery,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Blast Furnace Bottom On,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Blast Furnace On

# %EarlyBloomery:* (EarlyBloomery), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderBloomery(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockEarlyBloomery
block:id=%EarlyBloomery,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bloomery Off
block:id=%EarlyBloomery,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bloomery On
block:id=%EarlyBloomery,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Bloomery Off

# %Sluice:* (Sluice), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Handlers.Client.BlockRenderHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockSluice
block:id=%Sluice,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Pine
block:id=%Sluice,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Pine,face1=0:minecraft/water_flow,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Pine
block:id=%Sluice,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Pine
block:id=%Sluice,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Pine,face1=0:minecraft/water_flow,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Pine

# %Bloom:* (Bloom), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockBloom
block:id=%Bloom,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Iron Bloom

# %fruitTreeWood:* (fruitTreeWood), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Handlers.Client.BlockRenderHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Flora.BlockFruitWood
block:id=%fruitTreeWood,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Red Apple Wood
block:id=%fruitTreeWood,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Banana Wood
block:id=%fruitTreeWood,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Orange Wood
block:id=%fruitTreeWood,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Green Apple Wood
block:id=%fruitTreeWood,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Lemon Wood
block:id=%fruitTreeWood,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Olive Wood
block:id=%fruitTreeWood,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Cherry Wood
block:id=%fruitTreeWood,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Peach Wood
block:id=%fruitTreeWood,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Plum Wood

# %fruitTreeLeaves:* (fruitTreeLeaves), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Handlers.Client.BlockRenderHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Flora.BlockFruitLeaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Red Apple Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Banana Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Orange Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Green Apple Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Lemon Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Olive Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Cherry Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Peach Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Red Apple Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Banana Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Orange Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Green Apple Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Lemon Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Olive Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Cherry Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Peach Leaves

# %fruitTreeLeaves2:* (fruitTreeLeaves2), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Handlers.Client.BlockRenderHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Flora.BlockFruitLeaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Red Apple Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Banana Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Orange Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Green Apple Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves2,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Lemon Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves2,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Olive Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves2,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Cherry Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves2,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Peach Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves2,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Red Apple Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves2,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Banana Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves2,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Orange Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves2,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Green Apple Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves2,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Lemon Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves2,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Olive Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves2,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Cherry Leaves
block:id=%fruitTreeLeaves2,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/fruit trees/Peach Leaves

# %stoneStalac:* (stoneStalac), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockStalactite
block:id=%stoneStalac,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/Invisible

# %WoodConstruct:* (WoodConstruct), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderWoodConstruct(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockWoodConstruct
block:id=%WoodConstruct,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank
block:id=%WoodConstruct,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Aspen Plank
block:id=%WoodConstruct,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Birch Plank
block:id=%WoodConstruct,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Chestnut Plank
block:id=%WoodConstruct,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Douglas Fir Plank
block:id=%WoodConstruct,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Hickory Plank
block:id=%WoodConstruct,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Maple Plank
block:id=%WoodConstruct,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Ash Plank
block:id=%WoodConstruct,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Pine Plank
block:id=%WoodConstruct,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Sequoia Plank
block:id=%WoodConstruct,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Spruce Plank
block:id=%WoodConstruct,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Sycamore Plank
block:id=%WoodConstruct,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/White Cedar Plank
block:id=%WoodConstruct,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/White Elm Plank
block:id=%WoodConstruct,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Willow Plank
block:id=%WoodConstruct,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Kapok Plank

# %WoodVert:* (WoodVert), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Flora.BlockLogVert
block:id=%WoodVert,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Oak Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Oak Log
block:id=%WoodVert,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log
block:id=%WoodVert,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log
block:id=%WoodVert,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log
block:id=%WoodVert,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log
block:id=%WoodVert,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log
block:id=%WoodVert,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log
block:id=%WoodVert,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log
block:id=%WoodVert,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log
block:id=%WoodVert,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log
block:id=%WoodVert,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log
block:id=%WoodVert,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log
block:id=%WoodVert,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log
block:id=%WoodVert,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log
block:id=%WoodVert,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log
block:id=%WoodVert,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log

# %WoodVert2:* (WoodVert2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Flora.BlockLogVert2
block:id=%WoodVert2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Acacia Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Acacia Log
block:id=%WoodVert2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log
block:id=%WoodVert2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log
block:id=%WoodVert2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log
block:id=%WoodVert2,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log
block:id=%WoodVert2,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log
block:id=%WoodVert2,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log
block:id=%WoodVert2,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log
block:id=%WoodVert2,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log
block:id=%WoodVert2,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log
block:id=%WoodVert2,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log
block:id=%WoodVert2,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log
block:id=%WoodVert2,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log
block:id=%WoodVert2,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log
block:id=%WoodVert2,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log
block:id=%WoodVert2,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log

# %WoodHoriz:* (WoodHoriz), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Flora.BlockLogHoriz
block:id=%WoodHoriz,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Oak Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Oak Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Oak Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Oak Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Oak Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log Top

# %WoodHoriz2:* (WoodHoriz2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Flora.BlockLogHoriz
block:id=%WoodHoriz2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz2,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz2,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz2,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz2,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz2,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz2,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz2,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz2,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz2,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz2,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz2,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz2,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log Top

# %WoodHoriz3:* (WoodHoriz3), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Flora.BlockLogHoriz2
block:id=%WoodHoriz3,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Acacia Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Acacia Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Acacia Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz3,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz3,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz3,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz3,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz3,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz3,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz3,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz3,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Acacia Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Acacia Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz3,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Aspen Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz3,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Birch Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz3,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Chestnut Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz3,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Douglas Fir Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz3,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Hickory Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz3,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Maple Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz3,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Ash Log Top

# %WoodHoriz4:* (WoodHoriz4), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Flora.BlockLogHoriz2
block:id=%WoodHoriz4,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz4,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz4,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz4,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz4,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz4,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz4,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz4,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log Top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log Side
block:id=%WoodHoriz4,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Pine Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz4,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sequoia Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz4,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Spruce Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz4,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Sycamore Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz4,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Cedar Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz4,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/White Elm Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz4,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Willow Log Top
block:id=%WoodHoriz4,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-3=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log Side,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/trees/Kapok Log Top

# %ToolRack:* (ToolRack), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderToolRack(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockToolRack
block:id=%ToolRack,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Oak
block:id=%ToolRack,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Aspen
block:id=%ToolRack,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Birch
block:id=%ToolRack,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Chestnut
block:id=%ToolRack,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Douglas Fir
block:id=%ToolRack,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Hickory
block:id=%ToolRack,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Maple
block:id=%ToolRack,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Ash
block:id=%ToolRack,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Pine
block:id=%ToolRack,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Sequoia
block:id=%ToolRack,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Spruce
block:id=%ToolRack,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Sycamore
block:id=%ToolRack,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/White Cedar
block:id=%ToolRack,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/White Elm
block:id=%ToolRack,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Willow
block:id=%ToolRack,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/WoodSheet/Kapok

# %SpawnMeter:* (SpawnMeter), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockSpawnMeter
block:id=%SpawnMeter,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/MeterTop,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Meter0
block:id=%SpawnMeter,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/MeterTop,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Meter1
block:id=%SpawnMeter,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/MeterTop,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Meter2
block:id=%SpawnMeter,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/MeterTop,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Meter3
block:id=%SpawnMeter,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/MeterTop,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Meter4
block:id=%SpawnMeter,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/MeterTop,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Meter5
block:id=%SpawnMeter,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/MeterTop,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Meter6
block:id=%SpawnMeter,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/MeterTop,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Meter7
block:id=%SpawnMeter,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/MeterTop,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Meter8
block:id=%SpawnMeter,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/MeterTop

# %Quern:* (Quern), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.TESR.TESRQuern(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockQuern
block:id=%Quern,data=0,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Quern Top 1,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Quern Top 2,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Quern Base
block:id=%Quern,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Quern Top 1,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Quern Base
block:id=%Quern,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Quern Top 1,face1-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Quern Base

# %WallCobbleIgIn:* (WallCobbleIgIn), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomWall
block:id=%WallCobbleIgIn,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleIgIn,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleIgIn,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleIgIn,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleIgIn,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleIgIn,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Cobble

# %WallCobbleIgEx:* (WallCobbleIgEx), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomWall
block:id=%WallCobbleIgEx,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleIgEx,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleIgEx,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleIgEx,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleIgEx,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleIgEx,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleIgEx,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleIgEx,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Cobble

# %WallCobbleSed:* (WallCobbleSed), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomWall
block:id=%WallCobbleSed,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleSed,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleSed,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleSed,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleSed,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleSed,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleSed,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleSed,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleSed,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleSed,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleSed,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleSed,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleSed,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleSed,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleSed,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleSed,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Cobble

# %WallCobbleMM:* (WallCobbleMM), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomWall
block:id=%WallCobbleMM,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleMM,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleMM,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleMM,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleMM,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleMM,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleMM,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleMM,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleMM,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleMM,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleMM,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Cobble
block:id=%WallCobbleMM,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Cobble

# %WallRawIgIn:* (WallRawIgIn), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomWall
block:id=%WallRawIgIn,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Raw
block:id=%WallRawIgIn,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Raw
block:id=%WallRawIgIn,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Raw
block:id=%WallRawIgIn,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Raw
block:id=%WallRawIgIn,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Raw
block:id=%WallRawIgIn,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Raw
block:id=%WallRawIgIn,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Raw

# %WallRawIgEx:* (WallRawIgEx), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomWall
block:id=%WallRawIgEx,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Raw
block:id=%WallRawIgEx,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Raw
block:id=%WallRawIgEx,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Raw
block:id=%WallRawIgEx,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Raw
block:id=%WallRawIgEx,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Raw
block:id=%WallRawIgEx,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Raw
block:id=%WallRawIgEx,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Raw
block:id=%WallRawIgEx,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Raw
block:id=%WallRawIgEx,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Raw

# %WallRawSed:* (WallRawSed), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomWall
block:id=%WallRawSed,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Raw
block:id=%WallRawSed,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Raw
block:id=%WallRawSed,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Raw
block:id=%WallRawSed,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Raw
block:id=%WallRawSed,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Raw
block:id=%WallRawSed,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Raw
block:id=%WallRawSed,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Raw
block:id=%WallRawSed,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Raw
block:id=%WallRawSed,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Raw
block:id=%WallRawSed,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Raw
block:id=%WallRawSed,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Raw
block:id=%WallRawSed,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Raw
block:id=%WallRawSed,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Raw
block:id=%WallRawSed,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Raw
block:id=%WallRawSed,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Raw
block:id=%WallRawSed,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Raw

# %WallRawMM:* (WallRawMM), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomWall
block:id=%WallRawMM,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Raw
block:id=%WallRawMM,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Raw
block:id=%WallRawMM,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Raw
block:id=%WallRawMM,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Raw
block:id=%WallRawMM,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Raw
block:id=%WallRawMM,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Raw
block:id=%WallRawMM,data=6,data=7,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Raw
block:id=%WallRawMM,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Raw
block:id=%WallRawMM,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Raw
block:id=%WallRawMM,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Raw
block:id=%WallRawMM,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Raw
block:id=%WallRawMM,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Raw
block:id=%WallRawMM,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Raw

# %WallBrickIgIn:* (WallBrickIgIn), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomWall
block:id=%WallBrickIgIn,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Brick
block:id=%WallBrickIgIn,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Brick
block:id=%WallBrickIgIn,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Brick
block:id=%WallBrickIgIn,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Brick
block:id=%WallBrickIgIn,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Brick
block:id=%WallBrickIgIn,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Brick

# %WallBrickIgEx:* (WallBrickIgEx), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomWall
block:id=%WallBrickIgEx,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Brick
block:id=%WallBrickIgEx,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Brick
block:id=%WallBrickIgEx,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Brick
block:id=%WallBrickIgEx,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Brick
block:id=%WallBrickIgEx,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Brick
block:id=%WallBrickIgEx,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Brick
block:id=%WallBrickIgEx,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Brick
block:id=%WallBrickIgEx,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Brick

# %WallBrickSed:* (WallBrickSed), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomWall
block:id=%WallBrickSed,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Brick
block:id=%WallBrickSed,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Brick
block:id=%WallBrickSed,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Brick
block:id=%WallBrickSed,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Brick
block:id=%WallBrickSed,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Brick
block:id=%WallBrickSed,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Brick
block:id=%WallBrickSed,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Brick
block:id=%WallBrickSed,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Brick
block:id=%WallBrickSed,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Brick
block:id=%WallBrickSed,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Brick
block:id=%WallBrickSed,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Brick
block:id=%WallBrickSed,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Brick
block:id=%WallBrickSed,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Brick
block:id=%WallBrickSed,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Brick
block:id=%WallBrickSed,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Brick
block:id=%WallBrickSed,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Brick

# %WallBrickMM:* (WallBrickMM), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomWall
block:id=%WallBrickMM,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Brick
block:id=%WallBrickMM,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Brick
block:id=%WallBrickMM,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Brick
block:id=%WallBrickMM,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Brick
block:id=%WallBrickMM,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Brick
block:id=%WallBrickMM,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Brick
block:id=%WallBrickMM,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Brick
block:id=%WallBrickMM,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Brick
block:id=%WallBrickMM,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Brick
block:id=%WallBrickMM,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Brick
block:id=%WallBrickMM,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Brick
block:id=%WallBrickMM,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Brick

# %WallSmoothIgIn:* (WallSmoothIgIn), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomWall
block:id=%WallSmoothIgIn,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothIgIn,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothIgIn,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothIgIn,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Granite Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothIgIn,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Diorite Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothIgIn,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gabbro Smooth

# %WallSmoothIgEx:* (WallSmoothIgEx), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomWall
block:id=%WallSmoothIgEx,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothIgEx,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothIgEx,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothIgEx,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothIgEx,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rhyolite Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothIgEx,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Basalt Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothIgEx,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Andesite Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothIgEx,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dacite Smooth

# %WallSmoothSed:* (WallSmoothSed), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomWall
block:id=%WallSmoothSed,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothSed,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothSed,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothSed,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothSed,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothSed,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothSed,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothSed,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothSed,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Shale Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothSed,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Claystone Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothSed,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Rock Salt Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothSed,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Limestone Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothSed,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Conglomerate Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothSed,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Dolomite Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothSed,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chert Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothSed,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Chalk Smooth

# %WallSmoothMM:* (WallSmoothMM), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomWall
block:id=%WallSmoothMM,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothMM,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothMM,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothMM,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothMM,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothMM,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothMM,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Quartzite Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothMM,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Slate Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothMM,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Phyllite Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothMM,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Schist Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothMM,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Gneiss Smooth
block:id=%WallSmoothMM,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Marble Smooth

# %SaltWater:* (SaltWater), render=(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Liquids.BlockSaltWater
block:id=%SaltWater,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:minecraft/water_still,face2-5=12000:minecraft/water_flow

# %SaltWaterStationary:* (SaltWaterStationary), render=(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Liquids.BlockLiquidStatic
block:id=%SaltWaterStationary,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:minecraft/water_still,face2-5=12000:minecraft/water_flow

# %FreshWater:* (FreshWater), render=(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Liquids.BlockFreshWater
block:id=%FreshWater,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:minecraft/water_still,face2-5=12000:minecraft/water_flow

# %FreshWaterStationary:* (FreshWaterStationary), render=(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Liquids.BlockLiquidStatic
block:id=%FreshWaterStationary,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:minecraft/water_still,face2-5=12000:minecraft/water_flow

# %HotWater:* (HotWater), render=(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Liquids.BlockHotWater
block:id=%HotWater,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:terrafirmacraft/water_still,face2-5=12000:terrafirmacraft/water_flow

# %HotWaterStationary:* (HotWaterStationary), render=(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Liquids.BlockHotWaterStatic
block:id=%HotWaterStationary,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:terrafirmacraft/water_still,face2-5=12000:terrafirmacraft/water_flow

# %Lava:* (Lava), render=(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Liquids.BlockLava
block:id=%Lava,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:minecraft/lava_still,face2-5=12000:minecraft/lava_flow

# %LavaStationary:* (LavaStationary), render=(FLUIDS), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Liquids.BlockLiquidStatic
block:id=%LavaStationary,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-1=12000:minecraft/lava_still,face2-5=12000:minecraft/lava_flow

# %Ice:* (Ice), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomIce
block:id=%Ice,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:terrafirmacraft/seaIce
block:id=%Ice,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=12000:minecraft/ice

# %SeaGrassStill:* (SeaGrassStill), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Handlers.Client.BlockRenderHandler(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Flora.BlockWaterPlant
block:id=%SeaGrassStill,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/seaweed
block:id=%SeaGrassStill,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/pondweed
block:id=%SeaGrassStill,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/Cat Tails

# %FireBrick:* (FireBrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockFireBrick
block:id=%FireBrick,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/rocks/Fire Brick

# %DoorOak:* (DoorOak), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomDoor
block:id=%DoorOak,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Oak Door Upper,patch1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Oak Door Lower

# %DoorAspen:* (DoorAspen), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomDoor
block:id=%DoorAspen,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Aspen Door Upper,patch1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Aspen Door Lower

# %DoorBirch:* (DoorBirch), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomDoor
block:id=%DoorBirch,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Birch Door Upper,patch1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Birch Door Lower

# %DoorChestnut:* (DoorChestnut), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomDoor
block:id=%DoorChestnut,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Chestnut Door Upper,patch1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Chestnut Door Lower

# %DoorDouglasFir:* (DoorDouglasFir), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomDoor
block:id=%DoorDouglasFir,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Douglas Fir Door Upper,patch1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Douglas Fir Door Lower

# %DoorHickory:* (DoorHickory), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomDoor
block:id=%DoorHickory,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Hickory Door Upper,patch1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Hickory Door Lower

# %DoorMaple:* (DoorMaple), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomDoor
block:id=%DoorMaple,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Maple Door Upper,patch1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Maple Door Lower

# %DoorAsh:* (DoorAsh), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomDoor
block:id=%DoorAsh,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Ash Door Upper,patch1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Ash Door Lower

# %DoorPine:* (DoorPine), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomDoor
block:id=%DoorPine,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Pine Door Upper,patch1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Pine Door Lower

# %DoorSequoia:* (DoorSequoia), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomDoor
block:id=%DoorSequoia,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Sequoia Door Upper,patch1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Sequoia Door Lower

# %DoorSpruce:* (DoorSpruce), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomDoor
block:id=%DoorSpruce,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Spruce Door Upper,patch1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Spruce Door Lower

# %DoorSycamore:* (DoorSycamore), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomDoor
block:id=%DoorSycamore,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Sycamore Door Upper,patch1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Sycamore Door Lower

# %DoorWhiteCedar:* (DoorWhiteCedar), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomDoor
block:id=%DoorWhiteCedar,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/White Cedar Door Upper,patch1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/White Cedar Door Lower

# %DoorWhiteElm:* (DoorWhiteElm), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomDoor
block:id=%DoorWhiteElm,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/White Elm Door Upper,patch1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/White Elm Door Lower

# %DoorWillow:* (DoorWillow), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomDoor
block:id=%DoorWillow,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Willow Door Upper,patch1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Willow Door Lower

# %DoorKapok:* (DoorKapok), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomDoor
block:id=%DoorKapok,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Kapok Door Upper,patch1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Kapok Door Lower

# %DoorAcacia:* (DoorAcacia), render=(DOOR), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomDoor
block:id=%DoorAcacia,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Acacia Door Upper,patch1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/doors/Acacia Door Lower

# %Barrel:* (Barrel), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderBarrel(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockBarrel
block:id=%Barrel,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank
block:id=%Barrel,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Aspen Plank
block:id=%Barrel,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Birch Plank
block:id=%Barrel,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Chestnut Plank
block:id=%Barrel,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Douglas Fir Plank
block:id=%Barrel,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Hickory Plank
block:id=%Barrel,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Maple Plank
block:id=%Barrel,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Ash Plank
block:id=%Barrel,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Pine Plank
block:id=%Barrel,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Sequoia Plank
block:id=%Barrel,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Spruce Plank
block:id=%Barrel,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Sycamore Plank
block:id=%Barrel,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/White Cedar Plank
block:id=%Barrel,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/White Elm Plank
block:id=%Barrel,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Willow Plank
block:id=%Barrel,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Kapok Plank

# %Loom:* (Loom), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderLoom(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockLoom
block:id=%Loom,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank
block:id=%Loom,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Aspen Plank
block:id=%Loom,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Birch Plank
block:id=%Loom,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Chestnut Plank
block:id=%Loom,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Douglas Fir Plank
block:id=%Loom,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Hickory Plank
block:id=%Loom,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Maple Plank
block:id=%Loom,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Ash Plank
block:id=%Loom,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Pine Plank
block:id=%Loom,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Sequoia Plank
block:id=%Loom,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Spruce Plank
block:id=%Loom,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Sycamore Plank
block:id=%Loom,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/White Cedar Plank
block:id=%Loom,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/White Elm Plank
block:id=%Loom,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Willow Plank
block:id=%Loom,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Kapok Plank

# %Moss:* (Moss), render=(VINE), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockMoss
block:id=%Moss,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/Moss

# %Flora:* (Flora), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Flora.BlockFlora
block:id=%Flora,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/Golden Rod
block:id=%Flora,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/Cat Tails
block:id=%Flora,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/Golden Rod

# %ClayPottery:* (ClayPottery), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderPottery(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockPottery
block:id=%ClayPottery,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/Straw

# %Thatch:* (Thatch), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockThatch
block:id=%Thatch,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/Thatch

# %Crucible:* (Crucible), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderCrucible(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockCrucible
block:id=%Crucible,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Crucible Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Crucible Side

# %NestBox:* (NestBox), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderNestBox(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockNestBox
block:id=%NestBox,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/Invisible

# %Fence:* (Fence), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderFence(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockTFCFence
block:id=%Fence,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Fence,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Fence Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Fence
block:id=%Fence,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Aspen Fence,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Aspen Fence Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Aspen Fence
block:id=%Fence,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Birch Fence,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Birch Fence Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Birch Fence
block:id=%Fence,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Chestnut Fence,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Chestnut Fence Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Chestnut Fence
block:id=%Fence,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Douglas Fir Fence,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Douglas Fir Fence Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Douglas Fir Fence
block:id=%Fence,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Hickory Fence,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Hickory Fence Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Hickory Fence
block:id=%Fence,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Maple Fence,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Maple Fence Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Maple Fence
block:id=%Fence,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Ash Fence,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Ash Fence Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Ash Fence
block:id=%Fence,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Pine Fence,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Pine Fence Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Pine Fence
block:id=%Fence,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Sequoia Fence,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Sequoia Fence Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Sequoia Fence
block:id=%Fence,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Spruce Fence,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Spruce Fence Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Spruce Fence
block:id=%Fence,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Sycamore Fence,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Sycamore Fence Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Sycamore Fence
block:id=%Fence,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/White Cedar Fence,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/White Cedar Fence Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/White Cedar Fence
block:id=%Fence,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/White Elm Fence,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/White Elm Fence Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/White Elm Fence
block:id=%Fence,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Willow Fence,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Willow Fence Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Willow Fence
block:id=%Fence,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Kapok Fence,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Kapok Fence Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Kapok Fence

# %Fence2:* (Fence2), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderFence(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockTFCFence2
block:id=%Fence2,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Acacia Fence,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Acacia Fence Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Acacia Fence

# %FenceGate:* (FenceGate), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderFenceGate(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomFenceGate
block:id=%FenceGate,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank
block:id=%FenceGate,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Aspen Plank
block:id=%FenceGate,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Birch Plank
block:id=%FenceGate,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Chestnut Plank
block:id=%FenceGate,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Douglas Fir Plank
block:id=%FenceGate,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Hickory Plank
block:id=%FenceGate,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Maple Plank
block:id=%FenceGate,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Ash Plank
block:id=%FenceGate,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Pine Plank
block:id=%FenceGate,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Sequoia Plank
block:id=%FenceGate,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Spruce Plank
block:id=%FenceGate,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Sycamore Plank
block:id=%FenceGate,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/White Cedar Plank
block:id=%FenceGate,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/White Elm Plank
block:id=%FenceGate,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Willow Plank
block:id=%FenceGate,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Kapok Plank

# %FenceGate2:* (FenceGate2), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderFenceGate(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomFenceGate2
block:id=%FenceGate2,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Acacia Plank

# %StrawHideBed:* (StrawHideBed), render=(BED), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockBed
block:id=%StrawHideBed,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_top,face2=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_end,face3=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_side
block:id=%StrawHideBed,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_top,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_side,face4=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_top,face5=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_end
block:id=%StrawHideBed,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank,face1-2=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_top,face3=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_end,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_side
block:id=%StrawHideBed,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_top,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_side,face4=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_end,face5=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_top
block:id=%StrawHideBed,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_top,face2=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_end,face3=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_side
block:id=%StrawHideBed,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_top,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_side,face4=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_top,face5=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_end
block:id=%StrawHideBed,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank,face1-2=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_top,face3=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_end,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_side
block:id=%StrawHideBed,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_top,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_side,face4=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_end,face5=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_feet_top
block:id=%StrawHideBed,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank,face1-2=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_top,face3=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_end,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_side
block:id=%StrawHideBed,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_top,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_side,face4=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_end,face5=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_top
block:id=%StrawHideBed,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_top,face2=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_end,face3=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_side
block:id=%StrawHideBed,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_top,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_side,face4=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_top,face5=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_end
block:id=%StrawHideBed,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank,face1-2=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_top,face3=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_end,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_side
block:id=%StrawHideBed,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_top,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_side,face4=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_end,face5=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_top
block:id=%StrawHideBed,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_top,face2=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_end,face3=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_top,face4-5=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_side
block:id=%StrawHideBed,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_top,face2-3=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_side,face4=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_top,face5=0:terrafirmacraft/straw bed_head_end

# %ArmourStand:* (ArmourStand), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderStand(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockStand
block:id=%ArmourStand,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/Invisible,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/BarrelHoop

# %ArmourStand2:* (ArmourStand2), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderStand(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockStand2
block:id=%ArmourStand2,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/Invisible,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/BarrelHoop

# %BerryBush:* (BerryBush), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Flora.BlockBerryBush
block:id=%BerryBush,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/Wintergreen Berry
block:id=%BerryBush,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/Blueberry Berry
block:id=%BerryBush,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/Raspberry Berry
block:id=%BerryBush,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/Strawberry Berry
block:id=%BerryBush,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/Blackberry Berry
block:id=%BerryBush,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/Bunchberry Berry
block:id=%BerryBush,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/Cranberry Berry
block:id=%BerryBush,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/Snowberry Berry
block:id=%BerryBush,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/Elderberry Berry
block:id=%BerryBush,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/Gooseberry Berry
block:id=%BerryBush,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/Cloudberry Berry

# %LilyPad:* (LilyPad), render=(LILYPAD), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomLilyPad
block:id=%LilyPad,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=15000:minecraft/waterlily

# %Flowers:* (Flowers), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Flora.BlockFlower
block:id=%Flowers,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_dandelion
block:id=%Flowers,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_nasturtium
block:id=%Flowers,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_meads_milkweed
block:id=%Flowers,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_tropical_milkweed
block:id=%Flowers,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_butterfly_milkweed
block:id=%Flowers,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_calendula
block:id=%Flowers,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_dandelion

# %Flowers2:* (Flowers2), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Flora.BlockFlower2
block:id=%Flowers2,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_rose
block:id=%Flowers2,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_blue_orchid
block:id=%Flowers2,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_allium
block:id=%Flowers2,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_houstonia
block:id=%Flowers2,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_tulip_red
block:id=%Flowers2,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_tulip_orange
block:id=%Flowers2,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_tulip_white
block:id=%Flowers2,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_tulip_pink
block:id=%Flowers2,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_oxeye_daisy
block:id=%Flowers2,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:terrafirmacraft/plants/flower_rose

# %Fungi:* (Fungi), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockFungi
block:id=%Fungi,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/mushroom_brown
block:id=%Fungi,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/mushroom_red
block:id=%Fungi,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/mushroom_brown

# %Bookshelf:* (Bookshelf), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomBookshelf
block:id=%Bookshelf,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank,face2-5=0:minecraft/bookshelf

# %Torch:* (Torch), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderTorch(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockTorch
block:id=%Torch,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:minecraft/torch_on
block:id=%Torch,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/torch_off

# %Chest TFC:* (Chest TFC), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderChest(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockChestTFC
block:id=%Chest TFC,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:minecraft/planks_oak

# %Workbench:* (Workbench), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockWorkbench
block:id=%Workbench,data=*,stdrot=true,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank,face1=0:minecraft/crafting_table_top,face2=0:minecraft/crafting_table_front,face3=0:minecraft/crafting_table_side,face4=0:minecraft/crafting_table_front,face5=0:minecraft/crafting_table_side

# %Cactus:* (Cactus), render=(CACTUS), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomCactus
block:id=%Cactus,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,patch0-3=0:minecraft/cactus_side,patch4=0:minecraft/cactus_top,patch5=0:minecraft/cactus_bottom

# %Reeds:* (Reeds), render=(CROSSEDSQUARES), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomReed
block:id=%Reeds,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/reeds

# %Pumpkin:* (Pumpkin), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomPumpkin
block:id=%Pumpkin,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:minecraft/pumpkin_top,face2=0:minecraft/pumpkin_side,face3=0:minecraft/pumpkin_face_off,face4-5=0:minecraft/pumpkin_side
block:id=%Pumpkin,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:minecraft/pumpkin_top,face2-3=0:minecraft/pumpkin_side,face4=0:minecraft/pumpkin_face_off,face5=0:minecraft/pumpkin_side
block:id=%Pumpkin,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:minecraft/pumpkin_top,face2=0:minecraft/pumpkin_face_off,face3-5=0:minecraft/pumpkin_side
block:id=%Pumpkin,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:minecraft/pumpkin_top,face2-4=0:minecraft/pumpkin_side,face5=0:minecraft/pumpkin_face_off
block:id=%Pumpkin,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-1=0:minecraft/pumpkin_top,face2-5=0:minecraft/pumpkin_side

# %ButtonWood:* (ButtonWood), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomButtonWood
block:id=%ButtonWood,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank
block:id=%ButtonWood,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/wood/Oak Plank

# %Vine:* (Vine), render=(VINE), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomVine
block:id=%Vine,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=0:minecraft/vine
block:id=%Vine,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0=2000:minecraft/vine

# %LeatherRack:* (LeatherRack), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderLeatherRack(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockLeatherRack
block:id=%LeatherRack,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/Soaked Hide

# %Gravel:* (Gravel), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockGravel
block:id=%Gravel,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Granite
block:id=%Gravel,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Diorite
block:id=%Gravel,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Gabbro
block:id=%Gravel,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Shale
block:id=%Gravel,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Claystone
block:id=%Gravel,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Rock Salt
block:id=%Gravel,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Limestone
block:id=%Gravel,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Conglomerate
block:id=%Gravel,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Dolomite
block:id=%Gravel,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Chert
block:id=%Gravel,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Chalk
block:id=%Gravel,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Rhyolite
block:id=%Gravel,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Basalt
block:id=%Gravel,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Andesite
block:id=%Gravel,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Dacite
block:id=%Gravel,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Quartzite

# %Gravel2:* (Gravel2), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Terrain.BlockGravel
block:id=%Gravel2,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Slate
block:id=%Gravel2,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Phyllite
block:id=%Gravel2,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Schist
block:id=%Gravel2,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Gneiss
block:id=%Gravel2,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/soil/Gravel Marble

# %Grill:* (Grill), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderGrill(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockGrill
block:id=%Grill,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-1=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Grill Wrought Iron,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/metal/Wrought Iron
block:id=%Grill,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/devices/Grill Wrought Iron

# %MetalTrapDoor:* (MetalTrapDoor), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderMetalTrapDoor(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockMetalTrapDoor
block:id=%MetalTrapDoor,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/metal/Bismuth Trap Door
block:id=%MetalTrapDoor,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/metal/Bismuth Bronze Trap Door
block:id=%MetalTrapDoor,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/metal/Black Bronze Trap Door
block:id=%MetalTrapDoor,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/metal/Black Steel Trap Door
block:id=%MetalTrapDoor,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/metal/Blue Steel Trap Door
block:id=%MetalTrapDoor,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/metal/Brass Trap Door
block:id=%MetalTrapDoor,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/metal/Bronze Trap Door
block:id=%MetalTrapDoor,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/metal/Copper Trap Door
block:id=%MetalTrapDoor,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/metal/Gold Trap Door
block:id=%MetalTrapDoor,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/metal/Lead Trap Door
block:id=%MetalTrapDoor,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/metal/Nickel Trap Door
block:id=%MetalTrapDoor,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/metal/Pig Iron Trap Door
block:id=%MetalTrapDoor,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/metal/Platinum Trap Door
block:id=%MetalTrapDoor,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/metal/Red Steel Trap Door
block:id=%MetalTrapDoor,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/metal/Rose Gold Trap Door
block:id=%MetalTrapDoor,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/metal/Silver Trap Door

# %Vessel:* (Vessel), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderVessel(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Devices.BlockLargeVessel
block:id=%Vessel,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Vessel Bottom,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Vessel Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Vessel Side
block:id=%Vessel,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Ceramic Vessel Bottom,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Ceramic Vessel Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Ceramic Vessel Side
block:id=%Vessel,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,data=7,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Vessel Bottom,face1=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Vessel Top,face2-5=0:terrafirmacraft/clay/Clay Vessel Side

# %Smoke:* (Smoke), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockSmoke
block:id=%Smoke,data=*,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/Smoke

# %SmokeRack:* (SmokeRack), render=com.bioxx.tfc.Render.Blocks.RenderSmokeRack(CUSTOM), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.BlockSmokeRack
block:id=%SmokeRack,data=*,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/String

# %Snow:* (Snow), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=com.bioxx.tfc.Blocks.Vanilla.BlockCustomSnow
block:id=%Snow,data=0,data=1,data=2,data=3,data=4,data=5,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/snow
block:id=%Snow,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/snow
block:id=%Snow,data=8,data=9,data=10,data=11,data=12,data=13,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/snow
block:id=%Snow,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:terrafirmacraft/snow
