# UndergroundBiomes 0.6h
version:1.7
modname:UndergroundBiomes



# Configuration file not found!


texturepath:assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/andesite,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/andesite.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/andesiteBrick,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/andesiteBrick.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/andesiteCobble,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/andesiteCobble.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/basalt,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/basalt.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/basaltBrick,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/basaltBrick.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/basaltCobble,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/basaltCobble.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/blackGranite,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/blackGranite.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/blackGraniteBrick,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/blackGraniteBrick.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/blackGraniteCobble,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/blackGraniteCobble.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/blueschist,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/blueschist.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/blueschistBrick,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/blueschistBrick.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/blueschistCobble,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/blueschistCobble.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/chalk,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/chalk.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/chert,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/chert.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/dacite,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/dacite.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/daciteBrick,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/daciteBrick.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/daciteCobble,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/daciteCobble.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/dolomite,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/dolomite.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/eclogite,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/eclogite.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/eclogiteBrick,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/eclogiteBrick.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/eclogiteCobble,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/eclogiteCobble.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/gabbro,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/gabbro.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/gabbroBrick,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/gabbroBrick.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/gabbroCobble,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/gabbroCobble.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/gneiss,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/gneiss.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/gneissBrick,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/gneissBrick.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/gneissCobble,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/gneissCobble.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/greenschist,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/greenschist.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/greenschistBrick,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/greenschistBrick.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/greenschistCobble,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/greenschistCobble.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/greywacke,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/greywacke.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/komatiite,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/komatiite.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/komatiiteBrick,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/komatiiteBrick.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/komatiiteCobble,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/komatiiteCobble.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/ligniteBlock.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/limestone,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/limestone.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/marble,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/marble.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/marbleBrick,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/marbleBrick.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/marbleCobble,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/marbleCobble.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/migmatite,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/migmatite.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/migmatiteBrick,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/migmatiteBrick.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/migmatiteCobble,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/migmatiteCobble.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/quartzite,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/quartzite.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/quartziteBrick,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/quartziteBrick.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/quartziteCobble,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/quartziteCobble.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/redGranite,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/redGranite.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/redGraniteBrick,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/redGraniteBrick.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/redGraniteCobble,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/redGraniteCobble.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/rhyolite,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/rhyolite.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/rhyoliteBrick,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/rhyoliteBrick.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/rhyoliteCobble,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/rhyoliteCobble.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/shale,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/shale.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/siltstone,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/siltstone.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/soapstone,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/soapstone.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/soapstoneBrick,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/soapstoneBrick.png
texture:id=undergroundbiomes/soapstoneCobble,filename=assets/undergroundbiomes/textures/blocks/soapstoneCobble.png



# %metamorphic_oreCoal:* (metamorphic_oreCoal), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%metamorphic_oreCoal,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphic_oreCoal,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreCoal,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphic_oreCoal,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreCoal,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreCoal,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreCoal,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphic_oreCoal,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreCoal,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphic_oreCoal,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreCoal,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphic_oreCoal,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreCoal,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreCoal,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreCoal,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphic_oreCoal,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite

# %sedimentaryStoneFullSlab:* (sedimentaryStoneFullSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockStoneSlab
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneFullSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneFullSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneFullSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneFullSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneFullSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneFullSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneFullSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneFullSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneFullSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneFullSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneFullSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneFullSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneFullSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneFullSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneFullSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneFullSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert

# %sedimentary_oreGold:* (sedimentary_oreGold), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%sedimentary_oreGold,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreGold,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentary_oreGold,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentary_oreGold,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreGold,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentary_oreGold,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentary_oreGold,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentary_oreGold,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert
block:id=%sedimentary_oreGold,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreGold,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentary_oreGold,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentary_oreGold,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreGold,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentary_oreGold,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentary_oreGold,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentary_oreGold,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert

# %sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab:* (sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockStoneSlab
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentaryStoneHalfSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert

# %metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab:* (metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockStoneSlab
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneissBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogiteBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marbleBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartziteBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschistBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschistBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstoneBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatiteBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneissBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogiteBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marbleBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartziteBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschistBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschistBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstoneBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickFullSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatiteBrick

# %igneousStone:* (igneousStone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockIgneousStone
block:id=%igneousStone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneousStone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneousStone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneousStone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneousStone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneousStone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneousStone,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneousStone,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite
block:id=%igneousStone,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneousStone,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneousStone,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneousStone,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneousStone,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneousStone,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneousStone,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneousStone,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite

# %igneous_oreCoal:* (igneous_oreCoal), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%igneous_oreCoal,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreCoal,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreCoal,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneous_oreCoal,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneous_oreCoal,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneous_oreCoal,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneous_oreCoal,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneous_oreCoal,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite
block:id=%igneous_oreCoal,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreCoal,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreCoal,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneous_oreCoal,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneous_oreCoal,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneous_oreCoal,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneous_oreCoal,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneous_oreCoal,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite

# %metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab:* (metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockStoneSlab
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneissCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogiteCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marbleCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartziteCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschistCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschistCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstoneCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatiteCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneissCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogiteCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marbleCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartziteCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschistCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschistCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstoneCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatiteCobble

# %sedimentary_oreLapis:* (sedimentary_oreLapis), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%sedimentary_oreLapis,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreLapis,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentary_oreLapis,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentary_oreLapis,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreLapis,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentary_oreLapis,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentary_oreLapis,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentary_oreLapis,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert
block:id=%sedimentary_oreLapis,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreLapis,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentary_oreLapis,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentary_oreLapis,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreLapis,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentary_oreLapis,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentary_oreLapis,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentary_oreLapis,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert

# %metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab:* (metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockStoneSlab
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneissBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogiteBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marbleBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartziteBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschistBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschistBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstoneBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatiteBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneissBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogiteBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marbleBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartziteBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschistBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschistBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstoneBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatiteBrick

# %metamorphic_oreRedstone:* (metamorphic_oreRedstone), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%metamorphic_oreRedstone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphic_oreRedstone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreRedstone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphic_oreRedstone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreRedstone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreRedstone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreRedstone,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphic_oreRedstone,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreRedstone,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphic_oreRedstone,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreRedstone,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphic_oreRedstone,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreRedstone,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreRedstone,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreRedstone,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphic_oreRedstone,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite

# %wall:* (wall), render=(WALL), opaque=false,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.constructs.block.UBWallBase
block:id=%wall,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%wall,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%wall,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%wall,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%wall,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%wall,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%wall,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%wall,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite
block:id=%wall,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:undergroundbiomes/gneissCobble
block:id=%wall,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogiteCobble
block:id=%wall,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:undergroundbiomes/marbleCobble
block:id=%wall,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:undergroundbiomes/quartziteCobble
block:id=%wall,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschistCobble
block:id=%wall,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschistCobble
block:id=%wall,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstoneCobble
block:id=%wall,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,patch0-2=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatiteCobble

# %metamorphicStoneBrick:* (metamorphicStoneBrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockMetamorphicStoneBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneissBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrick,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogiteBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrick,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marbleBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrick,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartziteBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrick,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschistBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrick,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschistBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrick,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstoneBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrick,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatiteBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrick,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneissBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrick,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogiteBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrick,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marbleBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrick,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartziteBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrick,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschistBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrick,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschistBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrick,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstoneBrick
block:id=%metamorphicStoneBrick,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatiteBrick

# %igneousStoneBrickFullSlab:* (igneousStoneBrickFullSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockStoneSlab
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickFullSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGraniteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickFullSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGraniteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickFullSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyoliteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickFullSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesiteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickFullSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbroBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickFullSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basaltBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickFullSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiiteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickFullSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/daciteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickFullSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGraniteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickFullSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGraniteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickFullSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyoliteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickFullSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesiteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickFullSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbroBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickFullSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basaltBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickFullSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiiteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickFullSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/daciteBrick

# %metamorphicCobblestone:* (metamorphicCobblestone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockMetamorphicCobblestone
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneissCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogiteCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marbleCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartziteCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschistCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschistCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestone,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstoneCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestone,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatiteCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestone,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneissCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestone,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogiteCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestone,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marbleCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestone,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartziteCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestone,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschistCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestone,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschistCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestone,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstoneCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestone,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatiteCobble

# %igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab:* (igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockStoneSlab
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGraniteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGraniteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyoliteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesiteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbroCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basaltCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiiteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/daciteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGraniteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGraniteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyoliteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesiteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbroCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basaltCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiiteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneHalfSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/daciteCobble

# %metamorphicStone:* (metamorphicStone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockMetamorphicStone
block:id=%metamorphicStone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphicStone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphicStone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphicStone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphicStone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphicStone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphicStone,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphicStone,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite
block:id=%metamorphicStone,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphicStone,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphicStone,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphicStone,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphicStone,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphicStone,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphicStone,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphicStone,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite

# %metamorphicStoneFullSlab:* (metamorphicStoneFullSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockStoneSlab
block:id=%metamorphicStoneFullSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphicStoneFullSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphicStoneFullSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphicStoneFullSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphicStoneFullSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphicStoneFullSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphicStoneFullSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphicStoneFullSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite
block:id=%metamorphicStoneFullSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphicStoneFullSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphicStoneFullSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphicStoneFullSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphicStoneFullSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphicStoneFullSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphicStoneFullSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphicStoneFullSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite

# %metamorphic_oreLapis:* (metamorphic_oreLapis), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%metamorphic_oreLapis,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphic_oreLapis,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreLapis,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphic_oreLapis,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreLapis,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreLapis,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreLapis,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphic_oreLapis,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreLapis,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphic_oreLapis,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreLapis,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphic_oreLapis,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreLapis,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreLapis,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreLapis,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphic_oreLapis,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite

# %igneous_oreEmerald:* (igneous_oreEmerald), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%igneous_oreEmerald,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreEmerald,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreEmerald,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneous_oreEmerald,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneous_oreEmerald,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneous_oreEmerald,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneous_oreEmerald,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneous_oreEmerald,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite
block:id=%igneous_oreEmerald,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreEmerald,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreEmerald,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneous_oreEmerald,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneous_oreEmerald,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneous_oreEmerald,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneous_oreEmerald,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneous_oreEmerald,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite

# %sedimentary_oreRedstone:* (sedimentary_oreRedstone), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%sedimentary_oreRedstone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreRedstone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentary_oreRedstone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentary_oreRedstone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreRedstone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentary_oreRedstone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentary_oreRedstone,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentary_oreRedstone,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert
block:id=%sedimentary_oreRedstone,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreRedstone,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentary_oreRedstone,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentary_oreRedstone,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreRedstone,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentary_oreRedstone,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentary_oreRedstone,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentary_oreRedstone,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert

# %igneous_oreIron:* (igneous_oreIron), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%igneous_oreIron,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreIron,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreIron,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneous_oreIron,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneous_oreIron,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneous_oreIron,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneous_oreIron,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneous_oreIron,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite
block:id=%igneous_oreIron,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreIron,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreIron,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneous_oreIron,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneous_oreIron,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneous_oreIron,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneous_oreIron,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneous_oreIron,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite

# %igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab:* (igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockStoneSlab
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGraniteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGraniteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyoliteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesiteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbroBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basaltBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiiteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/daciteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGraniteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGraniteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyoliteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesiteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbroBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basaltBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiiteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrickHalfSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/daciteBrick

# %igneous_oreDiamond:* (igneous_oreDiamond), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%igneous_oreDiamond,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreDiamond,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreDiamond,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneous_oreDiamond,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneous_oreDiamond,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneous_oreDiamond,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneous_oreDiamond,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneous_oreDiamond,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite
block:id=%igneous_oreDiamond,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreDiamond,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreDiamond,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneous_oreDiamond,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneous_oreDiamond,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneous_oreDiamond,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneous_oreDiamond,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneous_oreDiamond,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite

# %metamorphic_oreEmerald:* (metamorphic_oreEmerald), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%metamorphic_oreEmerald,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphic_oreEmerald,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreEmerald,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphic_oreEmerald,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreEmerald,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreEmerald,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreEmerald,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphic_oreEmerald,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreEmerald,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphic_oreEmerald,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreEmerald,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphic_oreEmerald,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreEmerald,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreEmerald,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreEmerald,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphic_oreEmerald,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite

# %igneous_oreGold:* (igneous_oreGold), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%igneous_oreGold,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreGold,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreGold,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneous_oreGold,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneous_oreGold,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneous_oreGold,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneous_oreGold,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneous_oreGold,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite
block:id=%igneous_oreGold,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreGold,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreGold,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneous_oreGold,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneous_oreGold,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneous_oreGold,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneous_oreGold,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneous_oreGold,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite

# %sedimentaryStone:* (sedimentaryStone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockSedimentaryStone
block:id=%sedimentaryStone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentaryStone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentaryStone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentaryStone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentaryStone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentaryStone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentaryStone,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentaryStone,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert
block:id=%sedimentaryStone,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentaryStone,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentaryStone,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentaryStone,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentaryStone,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentaryStone,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentaryStone,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentaryStone,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert

# %button:* (button), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.constructs.block.UBButtonBase
block:id=%button,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%button,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%button,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%button,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%button,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%button,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%button,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%button,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite
block:id=%button,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneissCobble
block:id=%button,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogiteCobble
block:id=%button,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marbleCobble
block:id=%button,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartziteCobble
block:id=%button,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschistCobble
block:id=%button,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschistCobble
block:id=%button,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstoneCobble
block:id=%button,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=TRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatiteCobble

# %igneous_oreRedstone:* (igneous_oreRedstone), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%igneous_oreRedstone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreRedstone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreRedstone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneous_oreRedstone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneous_oreRedstone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneous_oreRedstone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneous_oreRedstone,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneous_oreRedstone,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite
block:id=%igneous_oreRedstone,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreRedstone,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreRedstone,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneous_oreRedstone,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneous_oreRedstone,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneous_oreRedstone,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneous_oreRedstone,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneous_oreRedstone,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite

# %igneousStoneFullSlab:* (igneousStoneFullSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockStoneSlab
block:id=%igneousStoneFullSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneousStoneFullSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneousStoneFullSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneousStoneFullSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneousStoneFullSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneousStoneFullSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneousStoneFullSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneousStoneFullSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite
block:id=%igneousStoneFullSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneousStoneFullSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneousStoneFullSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneousStoneFullSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneousStoneFullSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneousStoneFullSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneousStoneFullSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneousStoneFullSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite

# %metamorphic_oreIron:* (metamorphic_oreIron), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%metamorphic_oreIron,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphic_oreIron,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreIron,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphic_oreIron,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreIron,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreIron,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreIron,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphic_oreIron,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreIron,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphic_oreIron,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreIron,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphic_oreIron,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreIron,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreIron,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreIron,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphic_oreIron,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite

# %metamorphicStoneHalfSlab:* (metamorphicStoneHalfSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockStoneSlab
block:id=%metamorphicStoneHalfSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphicStoneHalfSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphicStoneHalfSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphicStoneHalfSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphicStoneHalfSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphicStoneHalfSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphicStoneHalfSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphicStoneHalfSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite
block:id=%metamorphicStoneHalfSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphicStoneHalfSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphicStoneHalfSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphicStoneHalfSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphicStoneHalfSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphicStoneHalfSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphicStoneHalfSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphicStoneHalfSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite

# %igneousStoneBrick:* (igneousStoneBrick), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockIgneousStoneBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrick,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGraniteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrick,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGraniteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrick,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyoliteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrick,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesiteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrick,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbroBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrick,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basaltBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrick,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiiteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrick,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/daciteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrick,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGraniteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrick,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGraniteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrick,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyoliteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrick,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesiteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrick,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbroBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrick,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basaltBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrick,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiiteBrick
block:id=%igneousStoneBrick,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/daciteBrick

# %metamorphic_oreGold:* (metamorphic_oreGold), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%metamorphic_oreGold,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphic_oreGold,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreGold,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphic_oreGold,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreGold,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreGold,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreGold,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphic_oreGold,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreGold,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphic_oreGold,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreGold,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphic_oreGold,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreGold,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreGold,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreGold,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphic_oreGold,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite

# %igneous_oreLapis:* (igneous_oreLapis), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%igneous_oreLapis,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreLapis,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreLapis,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneous_oreLapis,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneous_oreLapis,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneous_oreLapis,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneous_oreLapis,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneous_oreLapis,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite
block:id=%igneous_oreLapis,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreLapis,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneous_oreLapis,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneous_oreLapis,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneous_oreLapis,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneous_oreLapis,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneous_oreLapis,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneous_oreLapis,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite

# %metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab:* (metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockStoneSlab
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneissCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogiteCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marbleCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartziteCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschistCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschistCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstoneCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatiteCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneissCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogiteCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marbleCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartziteCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschistCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschistCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstoneCobble
block:id=%metamorphicCobblestoneFullSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatiteCobble

# %metamorphic_oreDiamond:* (metamorphic_oreDiamond), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%metamorphic_oreDiamond,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphic_oreDiamond,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreDiamond,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphic_oreDiamond,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreDiamond,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreDiamond,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreDiamond,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphic_oreDiamond,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreDiamond,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gneiss
block:id=%metamorphic_oreDiamond,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/eclogite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreDiamond,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/marble
block:id=%metamorphic_oreDiamond,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/quartzite
block:id=%metamorphic_oreDiamond,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blueschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreDiamond,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greenschist
block:id=%metamorphic_oreDiamond,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/soapstone
block:id=%metamorphic_oreDiamond,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/migmatite

# %sedimentary_oreEmerald:* (sedimentary_oreEmerald), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%sedimentary_oreEmerald,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreEmerald,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentary_oreEmerald,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentary_oreEmerald,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreEmerald,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentary_oreEmerald,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentary_oreEmerald,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentary_oreEmerald,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert
block:id=%sedimentary_oreEmerald,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreEmerald,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentary_oreEmerald,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentary_oreEmerald,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreEmerald,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentary_oreEmerald,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentary_oreEmerald,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentary_oreEmerald,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert

# %igneousCobblestone:* (igneousCobblestone), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockIgneousCobblestone
block:id=%igneousCobblestone,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGraniteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestone,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGraniteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestone,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyoliteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestone,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesiteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestone,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbroCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestone,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basaltCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestone,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiiteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestone,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/daciteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestone,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGraniteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestone,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGraniteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestone,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyoliteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestone,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesiteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestone,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbroCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestone,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basaltCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestone,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiiteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestone,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/daciteCobble

# %igneousCobblestoneFullSlab:* (igneousCobblestoneFullSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockStoneSlab
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneFullSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGraniteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneFullSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGraniteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneFullSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyoliteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneFullSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesiteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneFullSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbroCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneFullSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basaltCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneFullSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiiteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneFullSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/daciteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneFullSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGraniteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneFullSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGraniteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneFullSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyoliteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneFullSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesiteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneFullSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbroCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneFullSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basaltCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneFullSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiiteCobble
block:id=%igneousCobblestoneFullSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/daciteCobble

# %sedimentary_oreCoal:* (sedimentary_oreCoal), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%sedimentary_oreCoal,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreCoal,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentary_oreCoal,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentary_oreCoal,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreCoal,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentary_oreCoal,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentary_oreCoal,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentary_oreCoal,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert
block:id=%sedimentary_oreCoal,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreCoal,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentary_oreCoal,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentary_oreCoal,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreCoal,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentary_oreCoal,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentary_oreCoal,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentary_oreCoal,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert

# %sedimentary_oreIron:* (sedimentary_oreIron), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%sedimentary_oreIron,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreIron,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentary_oreIron,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentary_oreIron,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreIron,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentary_oreIron,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentary_oreIron,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentary_oreIron,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert
block:id=%sedimentary_oreIron,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreIron,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentary_oreIron,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentary_oreIron,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreIron,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentary_oreIron,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentary_oreIron,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentary_oreIron,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert

# %igneousStoneHalfSlab:* (igneousStoneHalfSlab), render=(STANDARD), opaque=false,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockStoneSlab
block:id=%igneousStoneHalfSlab,data=0,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneousStoneHalfSlab,data=1,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneousStoneHalfSlab,data=2,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneousStoneHalfSlab,data=3,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneousStoneHalfSlab,data=4,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneousStoneHalfSlab,data=5,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneousStoneHalfSlab,data=6,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneousStoneHalfSlab,data=7,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite
block:id=%igneousStoneHalfSlab,data=8,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/redGranite
block:id=%igneousStoneHalfSlab,data=9,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/blackGranite
block:id=%igneousStoneHalfSlab,data=10,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/rhyolite
block:id=%igneousStoneHalfSlab,data=11,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/andesite
block:id=%igneousStoneHalfSlab,data=12,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/gabbro
block:id=%igneousStoneHalfSlab,data=13,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/basalt
block:id=%igneousStoneHalfSlab,data=14,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/komatiite
block:id=%igneousStoneHalfSlab,data=15,stdrot=true,transparency=SEMITRANSPARENT,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dacite

# %sedimentary_oreDiamond:* (sedimentary_oreDiamond), render=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.client.RenderUBOre(CUSTOM), opaque=true,cls=exterminatorJeff.undergroundBiomes.common.block.BlockUBOre
block:id=%sedimentary_oreDiamond,data=0,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreDiamond,data=1,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentary_oreDiamond,data=2,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentary_oreDiamond,data=3,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreDiamond,data=4,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentary_oreDiamond,data=5,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentary_oreDiamond,data=6,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentary_oreDiamond,data=7,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert
block:id=%sedimentary_oreDiamond,data=8,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/limestone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreDiamond,data=9,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chalk
block:id=%sedimentary_oreDiamond,data=10,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/shale
block:id=%sedimentary_oreDiamond,data=11,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/siltstone
block:id=%sedimentary_oreDiamond,data=12,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/ligniteBlock
block:id=%sedimentary_oreDiamond,data=13,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/dolomite
block:id=%sedimentary_oreDiamond,data=14,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/greywacke
block:id=%sedimentary_oreDiamond,data=15,stdrot=true,face0-5=0:undergroundbiomes/chert
